word1=wine priorpolarity=positive
word1=the priorpolarity=positive
word1=I priorpolarity=positive
word1=and priorpolarity=positive
word1=abandoned priorpolarity=negative
word1=abandonment priorpolarity=negative
word1=abandon priorpolarity=negative
word1=abase priorpolarity=negative
word1=abasement priorpolarity=negative
word1=abash priorpolarity=negative
word1=abate priorpolarity=negative
word1=abdicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=aberration priorpolarity=negative
word1=aberration priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhor priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhor priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhorred priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhorrence priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhorrent priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhorrently priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhors priorpolarity=negative
word1=abhors priorpolarity=negative
word1=abidance priorpolarity=positive
word1=abidance priorpolarity=positive
word1=abide priorpolarity=positive
word1=abject priorpolarity=negative
word1=abjectly priorpolarity=negative
word1=abjure priorpolarity=negative
word1=abilities priorpolarity=positive
word1=ability priorpolarity=positive
word1=able priorpolarity=positive
word1=abnormal priorpolarity=negative
word1=abolish priorpolarity=negative
word1=abominable priorpolarity=negative
word1=abominably priorpolarity=negative
word1=abominate priorpolarity=negative
word1=abomination priorpolarity=negative
word1=above priorpolarity=positive
word1=above-average priorpolarity=positive
word1=abound priorpolarity=positive
word1=abrade priorpolarity=negative
word1=abrasive priorpolarity=negative
word1=abrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=abscond priorpolarity=negative
word1=absence priorpolarity=negative
word1=absentee priorpolarity=negative
word1=absent-minded priorpolarity=negative
word1=absolve priorpolarity=positive
word1=absolute priorpolarity=neutral
word1=absolutely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=absorbed priorpolarity=neutral
word1=absurd priorpolarity=negative
word1=absurdity priorpolarity=negative
word1=absurdly priorpolarity=negative
word1=absurdness priorpolarity=negative
word1=abundant priorpolarity=positive
word1=abundance priorpolarity=positive
word1=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=abuses priorpolarity=negative
word1=abuses priorpolarity=negative
word1=abusive priorpolarity=negative
word1=abysmal priorpolarity=negative
word1=abysmally priorpolarity=negative
word1=abyss priorpolarity=negative
word1=accede priorpolarity=positive
word1=accentuate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=accept priorpolarity=positive
word1=acceptance priorpolarity=positive
word1=acceptable priorpolarity=positive
word1=accessible priorpolarity=positive
word1=accidental priorpolarity=negative
word1=acclaim priorpolarity=positive
word1=acclaim priorpolarity=positive
word1=acclaimed priorpolarity=positive
word1=acclamation priorpolarity=positive
word1=accolade priorpolarity=positive
word1=accolades priorpolarity=positive
word1=accommodative priorpolarity=positive
word1=accomplish priorpolarity=positive
word1=accomplishment priorpolarity=positive
word1=accomplishments priorpolarity=positive
word1=accord priorpolarity=positive
word1=accordance priorpolarity=positive
word1=accordantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=accost priorpolarity=negative
word1=accountable priorpolarity=negative
word1=accurate priorpolarity=positive
word1=accurately priorpolarity=positive
word1=accursed priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusation priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusation priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusations priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusations priorpolarity=negative
word1=accuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=accuses priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusing priorpolarity=negative
word1=accusingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=acerbate priorpolarity=negative
word1=acerbic priorpolarity=negative
word1=acerbically priorpolarity=negative
word1=ache priorpolarity=negative
word1=achievable priorpolarity=positive
word1=achieve priorpolarity=positive
word1=achievement priorpolarity=positive
word1=achievements priorpolarity=positive
word1=acknowledge priorpolarity=positive
word1=acknowledgement priorpolarity=positive
word1=acquit priorpolarity=positive
word1=acrid priorpolarity=negative
word1=acridly priorpolarity=negative
word1=acridness priorpolarity=negative
word1=acrimonious priorpolarity=negative
word1=acrimoniously priorpolarity=negative
word1=acrimony priorpolarity=negative
word1=active priorpolarity=positive
word1=activist priorpolarity=neutral
word1=activist priorpolarity=neutral
word1=actual priorpolarity=neutral
word1=actuality priorpolarity=neutral
word1=actually priorpolarity=neutral
word1=acumen priorpolarity=positive
word1=adamant priorpolarity=negative
word1=adamantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=adaptable priorpolarity=positive
word1=adaptability priorpolarity=positive
word1=adaptive priorpolarity=positive
word1=addict priorpolarity=negative
word1=addiction priorpolarity=negative
word1=adept priorpolarity=positive
word1=adeptly priorpolarity=positive
word1=adequate priorpolarity=positive
word1=adherence priorpolarity=positive
word1=adherent priorpolarity=positive
word1=adhesion priorpolarity=positive
word1=admirable priorpolarity=positive
word1=admirer priorpolarity=positive
word1=admirable priorpolarity=positive
word1=admirably priorpolarity=positive
word1=admiration priorpolarity=positive
word1=admire priorpolarity=positive
word1=admiring priorpolarity=positive
word1=admiringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=admission priorpolarity=positive
word1=admission priorpolarity=positive
word1=admit priorpolarity=positive
word1=admittedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=admonish priorpolarity=negative
word1=admonisher priorpolarity=negative
word1=admonishingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=admonishment priorpolarity=negative
word1=admonition priorpolarity=negative
word1=adolescents priorpolarity=neutral
word1=adolescents priorpolarity=neutral
word1=adorable priorpolarity=positive
word1=adore priorpolarity=positive
word1=adored priorpolarity=positive
word1=adorer priorpolarity=positive
word1=adorer priorpolarity=positive
word1=adoring priorpolarity=positive
word1=adoringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=adrift priorpolarity=negative
word1=adroit priorpolarity=positive
word1=adroitly priorpolarity=positive
word1=adulate priorpolarity=positive
word1=adulation priorpolarity=positive
word1=adulatory priorpolarity=positive
word1=adulterate priorpolarity=negative
word1=adulterated priorpolarity=negative
word1=adulteration priorpolarity=negative
word1=advanced priorpolarity=positive
word1=advantage priorpolarity=positive
word1=advantage priorpolarity=positive
word1=advantageous priorpolarity=positive
word1=advantages priorpolarity=positive
word1=advantages priorpolarity=positive
word1=adventure priorpolarity=positive
word1=adventure priorpolarity=positive
word1=adventuresome priorpolarity=positive
word1=adventurism priorpolarity=positive
word1=adventurous priorpolarity=positive
word1=adversarial priorpolarity=negative
word1=adversary priorpolarity=negative
word1=adverse priorpolarity=negative
word1=adversity priorpolarity=negative
word1=advice priorpolarity=positive
word1=advice priorpolarity=positive
word1=advisable priorpolarity=positive
word1=advocate priorpolarity=positive
word1=advocacy priorpolarity=positive
word1=affable priorpolarity=positive
word1=affability priorpolarity=positive
word1=affably priorpolarity=positive
word1=affect priorpolarity=neutral
word1=affectation priorpolarity=negative
word1=affected priorpolarity=neutral
word1=affection priorpolarity=positive
word1=affection priorpolarity=positive
word1=affectionate priorpolarity=positive
word1=affinity priorpolarity=positive
word1=affirm priorpolarity=positive
word1=affirmation priorpolarity=positive
word1=affirmation priorpolarity=positive
word1=affirmative priorpolarity=positive
word1=afflict priorpolarity=negative
word1=affliction priorpolarity=negative
word1=afflictive priorpolarity=negative
word1=affluent priorpolarity=positive
word1=affluence priorpolarity=positive
word1=afford priorpolarity=positive
word1=affordable priorpolarity=positive
word1=affront priorpolarity=negative
word1=affront priorpolarity=negative
word1=afloat priorpolarity=positive
word1=afraid priorpolarity=negative
word1=against priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggravate priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggravating priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggravation priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggression priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggression priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggressive priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggressiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggressor priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggrieve priorpolarity=negative
word1=aggrieved priorpolarity=negative
word1=aghast priorpolarity=negative
word1=agile priorpolarity=positive
word1=agilely priorpolarity=positive
word1=agility priorpolarity=positive
word1=agitate priorpolarity=negative
word1=agitated priorpolarity=negative
word1=agitation priorpolarity=negative
word1=agitator priorpolarity=negative
word1=agonies priorpolarity=negative
word1=agonize priorpolarity=negative
word1=agonizing priorpolarity=negative
word1=agonizing priorpolarity=negative
word1=agonizingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=agony priorpolarity=negative
word1=agree priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreeability priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreeable priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreeable priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreeableness priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreeably priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreement priorpolarity=positive
word1=agreement priorpolarity=positive
word1=aha priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ail priorpolarity=negative
word1=ail priorpolarity=negative
word1=ailment priorpolarity=negative
word1=aimless priorpolarity=negative
word1=air priorpolarity=neutral
word1=airs priorpolarity=negative
word1=airs priorpolarity=negative
word1=alarm priorpolarity=negative
word1=alarm priorpolarity=negative
word1=alarmed priorpolarity=negative
word1=alarming priorpolarity=negative
word1=alarmingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=alas priorpolarity=negative
word1=alert priorpolarity=neutral
word1=alienate priorpolarity=negative
word1=alienated priorpolarity=negative
word1=alienation priorpolarity=negative
word1=all-time priorpolarity=neutral
word1=all-time priorpolarity=neutral
word1=allay priorpolarity=positive
word1=allegation priorpolarity=negative
word1=allegations priorpolarity=negative
word1=allege priorpolarity=negative
word1=allegations priorpolarity=negative
word1=allegorize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=allergic priorpolarity=negative
word1=alleviate priorpolarity=positive
word1=alliance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=alliances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=alliances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=allow priorpolarity=positive
word1=allowable priorpolarity=positive
word1=allure priorpolarity=positive
word1=allure priorpolarity=positive
word1=alluring priorpolarity=positive
word1=alluringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=allusion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=allusion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=allusions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ally priorpolarity=positive
word1=almighty priorpolarity=positive
word1=aloof priorpolarity=negative
word1=altercation priorpolarity=negative
word1=although priorpolarity=negative
word1=altogether priorpolarity=neutral
word1=altruist priorpolarity=positive
word1=altruistic priorpolarity=positive
word1=altruistically priorpolarity=positive
word1=amaze priorpolarity=positive
word1=amazed priorpolarity=positive
word1=amazement priorpolarity=positive
word1=amazing priorpolarity=positive
word1=amazing priorpolarity=positive
word1=amazingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=ambiguous priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambiguity priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambitious priorpolarity=positive
word1=ambitious priorpolarity=positive
word1=ambitiously priorpolarity=positive
word1=ambivalence priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambivalent priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambivalent priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambush priorpolarity=negative
word1=ambush priorpolarity=negative
word1=ameliorate priorpolarity=positive
word1=amenable priorpolarity=positive
word1=amenity priorpolarity=positive
word1=amiability priorpolarity=positive
word1=amiabily priorpolarity=positive
word1=amiable priorpolarity=positive
word1=amicability priorpolarity=positive
word1=amicable priorpolarity=positive
word1=amicably priorpolarity=positive
word1=amiss priorpolarity=negative
word1=amity priorpolarity=positive
word1=amity priorpolarity=positive
word1=amnesty priorpolarity=positive
word1=amour priorpolarity=positive
word1=ample priorpolarity=positive
word1=amply priorpolarity=positive
word1=amplify priorpolarity=neutral
word1=amputate priorpolarity=negative
word1=amuse priorpolarity=positive
word1=amusement priorpolarity=positive
word1=amusement priorpolarity=positive
word1=amusing priorpolarity=positive
word1=amusing priorpolarity=positive
word1=amusingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=analytical priorpolarity=neutral
word1=anarchism priorpolarity=negative
word1=anarchist priorpolarity=negative
word1=anarchistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=anarchy priorpolarity=negative
word1=anemic priorpolarity=negative
word1=angel priorpolarity=positive
word1=angelic priorpolarity=positive
word1=anger priorpolarity=negative
word1=anger priorpolarity=negative
word1=anger priorpolarity=negative
word1=angrily priorpolarity=negative
word1=angriness priorpolarity=negative
word1=angry priorpolarity=negative
word1=anguish priorpolarity=negative
word1=anguish priorpolarity=negative
word1=annihilate priorpolarity=negative
word1=annihilation priorpolarity=negative
word1=animated priorpolarity=positive
word1=animosity priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoy priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoyance priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoyed priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoying priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoying priorpolarity=negative
word1=annoyingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=anomalous priorpolarity=negative
word1=anomaly priorpolarity=negative
word1=antagonism priorpolarity=negative
word1=antagonist priorpolarity=negative
word1=antagonistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=antagonize priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti- priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-American priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-American priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-Israeli priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-Israeli priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-Semites priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-Semites priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-US priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-US priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-occupation priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-occupation priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-proliferation priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-proliferation priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-social priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-white priorpolarity=negative
word1=anti-white priorpolarity=negative
word1=antipathy priorpolarity=negative
word1=antiquated priorpolarity=negative
word1=antithetical priorpolarity=negative
word1=antithetical priorpolarity=negative
word1=anxieties priorpolarity=negative
word1=anxiety priorpolarity=negative
word1=anxious priorpolarity=negative
word1=anxiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=anxiousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=anyhow priorpolarity=neutral
word1=anyway priorpolarity=neutral
word1=anyways priorpolarity=neutral
word1=apathetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=apathetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=apathetically priorpolarity=negative
word1=apathy priorpolarity=negative
word1=ape priorpolarity=negative
word1=apocalypse priorpolarity=negative
word1=apocalyptic priorpolarity=negative
word1=apologist priorpolarity=negative
word1=apologist priorpolarity=negative
word1=apologists priorpolarity=negative
word1=apologists priorpolarity=negative
word1=apostle priorpolarity=positive
word1=apostle priorpolarity=positive
word1=apotheosis priorpolarity=positive
word1=apotheosis priorpolarity=positive
word1=appal priorpolarity=negative
word1=appall priorpolarity=negative
word1=appall priorpolarity=negative
word1=appall priorpolarity=negative
word1=appalled priorpolarity=negative
word1=appalling priorpolarity=negative
word1=appallingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=apparent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=apparently priorpolarity=neutral
word1=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word1=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word1=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word1=appealing priorpolarity=positive
word1=appear priorpolarity=neutral
word1=appearance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=appearance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=appease priorpolarity=positive
word1=applaud priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciable priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciate priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciation priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciation priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciative priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciatively priorpolarity=positive
word1=appreciativeness priorpolarity=positive
word1=apprehend priorpolarity=neutral
word1=apprehension priorpolarity=negative
word1=apprehensions priorpolarity=negative
word1=apprehensions priorpolarity=negative
word1=apprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=apprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=apprehensively priorpolarity=negative
word1=appropriate priorpolarity=positive
word1=approval priorpolarity=positive
word1=approve priorpolarity=positive
word1=apt priorpolarity=positive
word1=aptly priorpolarity=positive
word1=aptitude priorpolarity=positive
word1=arbitrary priorpolarity=negative
word1=arcane priorpolarity=negative
word1=archaic priorpolarity=negative
word1=ardent priorpolarity=positive
word1=ardently priorpolarity=positive
word1=ardor priorpolarity=positive
word1=arduous priorpolarity=negative
word1=arduously priorpolarity=negative
word1=aristocratic priorpolarity=positive
word1=argue priorpolarity=negative
word1=argument priorpolarity=negative
word1=argument priorpolarity=negative
word1=argumentative priorpolarity=negative
word1=arguments priorpolarity=negative
word1=arguments priorpolarity=negative
word1=arousal priorpolarity=positive
word1=arouse priorpolarity=positive
word1=arousing priorpolarity=positive
word1=arresting priorpolarity=positive
word1=arrogance priorpolarity=negative
word1=arrogant priorpolarity=negative
word1=arrogant priorpolarity=negative
word1=arrogantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=arrogantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=articulate priorpolarity=positive
word1=artificial priorpolarity=negative
word1=ascendant priorpolarity=positive
word1=ascendant priorpolarity=positive
word1=ascertainable priorpolarity=positive
word1=ascertainable priorpolarity=positive
word1=ashamed priorpolarity=negative
word1=asinine priorpolarity=negative
word1=asininely priorpolarity=negative
word1=asinininity priorpolarity=negative
word1=askance priorpolarity=negative
word1=asperse priorpolarity=negative
word1=aspersion priorpolarity=negative
word1=aspersions priorpolarity=negative
word1=aspiration priorpolarity=positive
word1=aspirations priorpolarity=positive
word1=aspirations priorpolarity=positive
word1=aspire priorpolarity=positive
word1=assail priorpolarity=negative
word1=assassinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=assassin priorpolarity=negative
word1=assault priorpolarity=negative
word1=assault priorpolarity=negative
word1=assent priorpolarity=positive
word1=assertions priorpolarity=positive
word1=assertions priorpolarity=positive
word1=assertive priorpolarity=positive
word1=assess priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assessment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assessment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assessments priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assessments priorpolarity=neutral
word1=asset priorpolarity=positive
word1=assiduous priorpolarity=positive
word1=assiduously priorpolarity=positive
word1=assuage priorpolarity=positive
word1=assumption priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assumption priorpolarity=neutral
word1=assurance priorpolarity=positive
word1=assurance priorpolarity=positive
word1=assurances priorpolarity=positive
word1=assurances priorpolarity=positive
word1=assure priorpolarity=positive
word1=assuredly priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonish priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonished priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonishingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=astonishment priorpolarity=positive
word1=astound priorpolarity=positive
word1=astounded priorpolarity=positive
word1=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word1=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word1=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word1=astoundingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=astray priorpolarity=negative
word1=astronomic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=astronomical priorpolarity=neutral
word1=astronomically priorpolarity=neutral
word1=astute priorpolarity=positive
word1=astutely priorpolarity=positive
word1=asunder priorpolarity=negative
word1=asylum priorpolarity=positive
word1=asylum priorpolarity=positive
word1=atrocious priorpolarity=negative
word1=atrocities priorpolarity=negative
word1=atrocity priorpolarity=negative
word1=atrophy priorpolarity=negative
word1=attack priorpolarity=negative
word1=attack priorpolarity=negative
word1=attain priorpolarity=positive
word1=attainable priorpolarity=positive
word1=attentive priorpolarity=positive
word1=attest priorpolarity=positive
word1=attitude priorpolarity=neutral
word1=attitude priorpolarity=neutral
word1=attitudes priorpolarity=neutral
word1=attitudes priorpolarity=neutral
word1=attraction priorpolarity=positive
word1=attraction priorpolarity=positive
word1=attractive priorpolarity=positive
word1=attractive priorpolarity=positive
word1=attractively priorpolarity=positive
word1=attune priorpolarity=positive
word1=audacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=audaciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=audaciousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=audacity priorpolarity=negative
word1=auspicious priorpolarity=positive
word1=austere priorpolarity=negative
word1=authentic priorpolarity=positive
word1=authoritarian priorpolarity=negative
word1=authoritative priorpolarity=positive
word1=autocrat priorpolarity=negative
word1=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word1=award priorpolarity=positive
word1=award priorpolarity=positive
word1=awareness priorpolarity=neutral
word1=aware priorpolarity=neutral
word1=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word1=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word1=autonomous priorpolarity=positive
word1=avalanche priorpolarity=negative
word1=avalanche priorpolarity=negative
word1=avarice priorpolarity=negative
word1=avaricious priorpolarity=negative
word1=avariciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=avenge priorpolarity=negative
word1=aver priorpolarity=positive
word1=averse priorpolarity=negative
word1=aversion priorpolarity=negative
word1=avid priorpolarity=positive
word1=avidly priorpolarity=positive
word1=avoid priorpolarity=negative
word1=avoidance priorpolarity=negative
word1=awe priorpolarity=positive
word1=awe priorpolarity=positive
word1=awed priorpolarity=positive
word1=awesome priorpolarity=positive
word1=awesome priorpolarity=positive
word1=awesomely priorpolarity=positive
word1=awesomeness priorpolarity=positive
word1=awestruck priorpolarity=positive
word1=awful priorpolarity=negative
word1=awful priorpolarity=negative
word1=awfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=awfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=awfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=awkward priorpolarity=negative
word1=awkwardness priorpolarity=negative
word1=ax priorpolarity=negative
word1=babble priorpolarity=negative
word1=baby priorpolarity=neutral
word1=baby priorpolarity=neutral
word1=back priorpolarity=positive
word1=backbite priorpolarity=negative
word1=backbiting priorpolarity=negative
word1=backbone priorpolarity=positive
word1=backward priorpolarity=negative
word1=backwardness priorpolarity=negative
word1=bad priorpolarity=negative
word1=badly priorpolarity=negative
word1=baffle priorpolarity=negative
word1=baffled priorpolarity=negative
word1=bafflement priorpolarity=negative
word1=baffling priorpolarity=negative
word1=bait priorpolarity=negative
word1=balanced priorpolarity=positive
word1=balk priorpolarity=negative
word1=banal priorpolarity=negative
word1=banal priorpolarity=negative
word1=banalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=bane priorpolarity=negative
word1=banish priorpolarity=negative
word1=banish priorpolarity=negative
word1=banishment priorpolarity=negative
word1=bankrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=bankrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=bar priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarian priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarian priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbaric priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarically priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarity priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarity priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarous priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarous priorpolarity=negative
word1=barbarously priorpolarity=negative
word1=barely priorpolarity=negative
word1=bargain priorpolarity=positive
word1=bargain priorpolarity=positive
word1=barren priorpolarity=negative
word1=baseless priorpolarity=negative
word1=bashful priorpolarity=negative
word1=basic priorpolarity=positive
word1=basically priorpolarity=neutral
word1=bask priorpolarity=positive
word1=bastard priorpolarity=negative
word1=bastard priorpolarity=negative
word1=batons priorpolarity=neutral
word1=batons priorpolarity=neutral
word1=battered priorpolarity=negative
word1=battering priorpolarity=negative
word1=battering priorpolarity=negative
word1=battle priorpolarity=negative
word1=battle-lines priorpolarity=negative
word1=battle-lines priorpolarity=negative
word1=battlefield priorpolarity=negative
word1=battleground priorpolarity=negative
word1=battleground priorpolarity=negative
word1=batty priorpolarity=negative
word1=beacon priorpolarity=positive
word1=bearish priorpolarity=negative
word1=beast priorpolarity=negative
word1=beast priorpolarity=negative
word1=beastly priorpolarity=negative
word1=beatify priorpolarity=positive
word1=beauteous priorpolarity=positive
word1=beautiful priorpolarity=positive
word1=beautiful priorpolarity=positive
word1=beautifully priorpolarity=positive
word1=beautify priorpolarity=positive
word1=beauty priorpolarity=positive
word1=bedlam priorpolarity=negative
word1=bedlamite priorpolarity=negative
word1=befit priorpolarity=positive
word1=befitting priorpolarity=positive
word1=befoul priorpolarity=negative
word1=befriend priorpolarity=positive
word1=beg priorpolarity=negative
word1=beggar priorpolarity=negative
word1=beggarly priorpolarity=negative
word1=begging priorpolarity=negative
word1=begging priorpolarity=negative
word1=beguile priorpolarity=negative
word1=belated priorpolarity=negative
word1=belabor priorpolarity=negative
word1=beleaguer priorpolarity=negative
word1=belie priorpolarity=negative
word1=belief priorpolarity=neutral
word1=belief priorpolarity=neutral
word1=beliefs priorpolarity=neutral
word1=beliefs priorpolarity=neutral
word1=believable priorpolarity=positive
word1=believe priorpolarity=neutral
word1=belittle priorpolarity=negative
word1=belittled priorpolarity=negative
word1=belittling priorpolarity=negative
word1=bellicose priorpolarity=negative
word1=bellicose priorpolarity=negative
word1=belligerence priorpolarity=negative
word1=belligerent priorpolarity=negative
word1=belligerent priorpolarity=negative
word1=belligerently priorpolarity=negative
word1=beloved priorpolarity=positive
word1=bemoan priorpolarity=negative
word1=bemoaning priorpolarity=negative
word1=bemused priorpolarity=negative
word1=benefactor priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficial priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficent priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficial priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficially priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficiary priorpolarity=positive
word1=beneficiary priorpolarity=positive
word1=benefit priorpolarity=positive
word1=benefit priorpolarity=positive
word1=benefits priorpolarity=positive
word1=benefits priorpolarity=positive
word1=benevolence priorpolarity=positive
word1=benevolent priorpolarity=positive
word1=benign priorpolarity=positive
word1=bent priorpolarity=negative
word1=berate priorpolarity=negative
word1=bereave priorpolarity=negative
word1=bereavement priorpolarity=negative
word1=bereft priorpolarity=negative
word1=berserk priorpolarity=negative
word1=beseech priorpolarity=negative
word1=beset priorpolarity=negative
word1=besides priorpolarity=neutral
word1=besiege priorpolarity=negative
word1=besmirch priorpolarity=negative
word1=best priorpolarity=positive
word1=best-known priorpolarity=positive
word1=best-performing priorpolarity=positive
word1=best-selling priorpolarity=positive
word1=bestial priorpolarity=negative
word1=betray priorpolarity=negative
word1=betrayal priorpolarity=negative
word1=betrayals priorpolarity=negative
word1=betrayer priorpolarity=negative
word1=better priorpolarity=positive
word1=better priorpolarity=positive
word1=better-known priorpolarity=positive
word1=better-than-expected priorpolarity=positive
word1=bewail priorpolarity=negative
word1=beware priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewilder priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewildered priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewildering priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewildering priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewilderingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewilderment priorpolarity=negative
word1=bewitch priorpolarity=negative
word1=bias priorpolarity=negative
word1=bias priorpolarity=negative
word1=bias priorpolarity=negative
word1=biased priorpolarity=negative
word1=biased priorpolarity=negative
word1=biases priorpolarity=negative
word1=biases priorpolarity=negative
word1=bicker priorpolarity=negative
word1=bickering priorpolarity=negative
word1=bid-rigging priorpolarity=negative
word1=big priorpolarity=neutral
word1=bitch priorpolarity=negative
word1=bitchy priorpolarity=negative
word1=biting priorpolarity=negative
word1=bitingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=bitter priorpolarity=negative
word1=bitterly priorpolarity=negative
word1=bitterness priorpolarity=negative
word1=bizarre priorpolarity=negative
word1=blab priorpolarity=negative
word1=blabber priorpolarity=negative
word1=black priorpolarity=negative
word1=blackmail priorpolarity=negative
word1=blah priorpolarity=negative
word1=blame priorpolarity=negative
word1=blame priorpolarity=negative
word1=blame priorpolarity=negative
word1=blameless priorpolarity=positive
word1=blameworthy priorpolarity=negative
word1=bland priorpolarity=negative
word1=blandish priorpolarity=negative
word1=blaspheme priorpolarity=negative
word1=blasphemous priorpolarity=negative
word1=blasphemous priorpolarity=negative
word1=blasphemy priorpolarity=negative
word1=blast priorpolarity=negative
word1=blasted priorpolarity=negative
word1=blatant priorpolarity=negative
word1=blatantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=blather priorpolarity=negative
word1=bleak priorpolarity=negative
word1=bleakly priorpolarity=negative
word1=bleakness priorpolarity=negative
word1=bleed priorpolarity=negative
word1=blemish priorpolarity=negative
word1=blemish priorpolarity=negative
word1=bless priorpolarity=positive
word1=blessing priorpolarity=positive
word1=blessing priorpolarity=positive
word1=blind priorpolarity=negative
word1=blinding priorpolarity=negative
word1=blinding priorpolarity=negative
word1=blindingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=blindness priorpolarity=negative
word1=blindside priorpolarity=negative
word1=bliss priorpolarity=positive
word1=blissful priorpolarity=positive
word1=blissfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=blister priorpolarity=negative
word1=blistering priorpolarity=negative
word1=blithe priorpolarity=positive
word1=bloated priorpolarity=negative
word1=block priorpolarity=negative
word1=block priorpolarity=negative
word1=blockhead priorpolarity=negative
word1=blood priorpolarity=neutral
word1=blood priorpolarity=negative
word1=bloodshed priorpolarity=negative
word1=bloodthirsty priorpolarity=negative
word1=bloody priorpolarity=negative
word1=bloom priorpolarity=positive
word1=blossom priorpolarity=positive
word1=blow priorpolarity=negative
word1=blow priorpolarity=negative
word1=blunder priorpolarity=negative
word1=blunder priorpolarity=negative
word1=blundering priorpolarity=negative
word1=blunders priorpolarity=negative
word1=blunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=blur priorpolarity=negative
word1=blurt priorpolarity=negative
word1=boast priorpolarity=positive
word1=boast priorpolarity=negative
word1=boastful priorpolarity=negative
word1=boggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=bogus priorpolarity=negative
word1=boil priorpolarity=negative
word1=boiling priorpolarity=negative
word1=boisterous priorpolarity=negative
word1=bold priorpolarity=positive
word1=boldly priorpolarity=positive
word1=boldness priorpolarity=positive
word1=bolster priorpolarity=positive
word1=bombard priorpolarity=negative
word1=bomb priorpolarity=negative
word1=bombardment priorpolarity=negative
word1=bombardment priorpolarity=negative
word1=bombastic priorpolarity=negative
word1=bondage priorpolarity=negative
word1=bonkers priorpolarity=negative
word1=bonkers priorpolarity=negative
word1=bonny priorpolarity=positive
word1=bonus priorpolarity=positive
word1=boom priorpolarity=positive
word1=booming priorpolarity=positive
word1=boost priorpolarity=positive
word1=boost priorpolarity=positive
word1=bore priorpolarity=negative
word1=boredom priorpolarity=negative
word1=boring priorpolarity=negative
word1=boring priorpolarity=negative
word1=botch priorpolarity=negative
word1=bother priorpolarity=negative
word1=bother priorpolarity=negative
word1=bothersome priorpolarity=negative
word1=boundless priorpolarity=positive
word1=bountiful priorpolarity=positive
word1=bowdlerize priorpolarity=negative
word1=boycott priorpolarity=negative
word1=boycott priorpolarity=negative
word1=brag priorpolarity=both
word1=brag priorpolarity=both
word1=braggart priorpolarity=negative
word1=braggart priorpolarity=negative
word1=bragger priorpolarity=negative
word1=bragger priorpolarity=negative
word1=brains priorpolarity=positive
word1=brains priorpolarity=positive
word1=brainwash priorpolarity=negative
word1=brainy priorpolarity=positive
word1=brash priorpolarity=negative
word1=brashly priorpolarity=negative
word1=brashness priorpolarity=negative
word1=brat priorpolarity=negative
word1=bravado priorpolarity=negative
word1=brave priorpolarity=positive
word1=brave priorpolarity=positive
word1=bravery priorpolarity=positive
word1=bravery priorpolarity=positive
word1=brazen priorpolarity=negative
word1=brazenly priorpolarity=negative
word1=brazenly priorpolarity=negative
word1=brazenness priorpolarity=negative
word1=brazenness priorpolarity=negative
word1=breach priorpolarity=negative
word1=breach priorpolarity=negative
word1=break priorpolarity=negative
word1=break-point priorpolarity=negative
word1=break-point priorpolarity=negative
word1=breakdown priorpolarity=negative
word1=breakthrough priorpolarity=positive
word1=breakthrough priorpolarity=positive
word1=breakthroughs priorpolarity=positive
word1=breakthroughs priorpolarity=positive
word1=breathlessness priorpolarity=positive
word1=breathlessness priorpolarity=positive
word1=breathtaking priorpolarity=positive
word1=breathtakingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=bright priorpolarity=positive
word1=brighten priorpolarity=positive
word1=brightness priorpolarity=positive
word1=brilliance priorpolarity=positive
word1=brilliant priorpolarity=positive
word1=brilliant priorpolarity=positive
word1=brilliantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=brimstone priorpolarity=negative
word1=brimstone priorpolarity=negative
word1=brisk priorpolarity=positive
word1=bristle priorpolarity=negative
word1=brittle priorpolarity=negative
word1=broad priorpolarity=positive
word1=broad-based priorpolarity=neutral
word1=broke priorpolarity=negative
word1=broken-hearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=brood priorpolarity=negative
word1=brook priorpolarity=positive
word1=brotherly priorpolarity=positive
word1=browbeat priorpolarity=negative
word1=bruise priorpolarity=negative
word1=brusque priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutal priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalising priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalising priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalities priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalities priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutality priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutalizing priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutally priorpolarity=negative
word1=brute priorpolarity=negative
word1=brutish priorpolarity=negative
word1=bug priorpolarity=negative
word1=buckle priorpolarity=negative
word1=bulky priorpolarity=negative
word1=bull priorpolarity=positive
word1=bull priorpolarity=positive
word1=bullies priorpolarity=negative
word1=bullies priorpolarity=negative
word1=bullish priorpolarity=positive
word1=bullish priorpolarity=positive
word1=bully priorpolarity=negative
word1=bully priorpolarity=negative
word1=bullyingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=bum priorpolarity=negative
word1=bumpy priorpolarity=negative
word1=bungle priorpolarity=negative
word1=bungler priorpolarity=negative
word1=bunk priorpolarity=negative
word1=buoyant priorpolarity=positive
word1=burden priorpolarity=negative
word1=burden priorpolarity=negative
word1=burdensome priorpolarity=negative
word1=burdensome priorpolarity=negative
word1=burdensomely priorpolarity=negative
word1=burn priorpolarity=negative
word1=busy priorpolarity=negative
word1=busybody priorpolarity=negative
word1=butcher priorpolarity=negative
word1=butchery priorpolarity=negative
word1=byzantine priorpolarity=negative
word1=cackle priorpolarity=negative
word1=cajole priorpolarity=negative
word1=calamities priorpolarity=negative
word1=calamitous priorpolarity=negative
word1=calamitously priorpolarity=negative
word1=calamity priorpolarity=negative
word1=calamity priorpolarity=negative
word1=callous priorpolarity=negative
word1=calm priorpolarity=positive
word1=calm priorpolarity=positive
word1=calming priorpolarity=positive
word1=calmness priorpolarity=positive
word1=calumniate priorpolarity=negative
word1=calumniation priorpolarity=negative
word1=calumnies priorpolarity=negative
word1=calumnious priorpolarity=negative
word1=calumniously priorpolarity=negative
word1=calumny priorpolarity=negative
word1=cancer priorpolarity=negative
word1=cancerous priorpolarity=negative
word1=candid priorpolarity=positive
word1=candor priorpolarity=positive
word1=cannibal priorpolarity=negative
word1=cannibalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=capable priorpolarity=positive
word1=capability priorpolarity=positive
word1=capably priorpolarity=positive
word1=capitalize priorpolarity=positive
word1=capitulate priorpolarity=negative
word1=capricious priorpolarity=negative
word1=capriciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=capriciousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=capsize priorpolarity=negative
word1=captivate priorpolarity=positive
word1=captivating priorpolarity=positive
word1=captivation priorpolarity=positive
word1=captive priorpolarity=negative
word1=care priorpolarity=positive
word1=carefree priorpolarity=positive
word1=careful priorpolarity=positive
word1=careless priorpolarity=negative
word1=carelessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=caricature priorpolarity=negative
word1=carnage priorpolarity=negative
word1=carp priorpolarity=negative
word1=cartoon priorpolarity=negative
word1=cartoon priorpolarity=negative
word1=cartoonish priorpolarity=negative
word1=cash-strapped priorpolarity=negative
word1=castigate priorpolarity=negative
word1=casualty priorpolarity=negative
word1=cataclysm priorpolarity=negative
word1=cataclysmal priorpolarity=negative
word1=cataclysmic priorpolarity=negative
word1=cataclysmically priorpolarity=negative
word1=catalyst priorpolarity=positive
word1=catalyst priorpolarity=positive
word1=catastrophe priorpolarity=negative
word1=catastrophe priorpolarity=negative
word1=catastrophes priorpolarity=negative
word1=catastrophic priorpolarity=negative
word1=catastrophic priorpolarity=negative
word1=catastrophically priorpolarity=negative
word1=catchy priorpolarity=positive
word1=caustic priorpolarity=negative
word1=caustically priorpolarity=negative
word1=cautionary priorpolarity=negative
word1=cautious priorpolarity=negative
word1=cave priorpolarity=negative
word1=ceaseless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=celebrate priorpolarity=positive
word1=celebrated priorpolarity=positive
word1=celebration priorpolarity=positive
word1=celebratory priorpolarity=positive
word1=celebrity priorpolarity=positive
word1=censure priorpolarity=negative
word1=censure priorpolarity=negative
word1=censure priorpolarity=negative
word1=central priorpolarity=neutral
word1=certain priorpolarity=neutral
word1=certainly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=certified priorpolarity=neutral
word1=chafe priorpolarity=negative
word1=chaff priorpolarity=negative
word1=chagrin priorpolarity=negative
word1=chagrin priorpolarity=negative
word1=challenge priorpolarity=negative
word1=challenge priorpolarity=negative
word1=challenging priorpolarity=negative
word1=champion priorpolarity=positive
word1=champion priorpolarity=positive
word1=champ priorpolarity=positive
word1=champion priorpolarity=positive
word1=chant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=chant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=chaos priorpolarity=negative
word1=chaotic priorpolarity=negative
word1=charisma priorpolarity=negative
word1=charismatic priorpolarity=positive
word1=charitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=charitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=charity priorpolarity=positive
word1=charm priorpolarity=positive
word1=charm priorpolarity=positive
word1=charm priorpolarity=positive
word1=charming priorpolarity=positive
word1=charming priorpolarity=positive
word1=charmingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=chaste priorpolarity=positive
word1=chasten priorpolarity=negative
word1=chastise priorpolarity=negative
word1=chastisement priorpolarity=negative
word1=chatter priorpolarity=negative
word1=chatterbox priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheapen priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheap priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheat priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheat priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheater priorpolarity=negative
word1=cheer priorpolarity=positive
word1=cheer priorpolarity=positive
word1=cheery priorpolarity=positive
word1=cheerful priorpolarity=positive
word1=cheerless priorpolarity=negative
word1=cherish priorpolarity=positive
word1=cherished priorpolarity=positive
word1=cherub priorpolarity=positive
word1=chic priorpolarity=positive
word1=chide priorpolarity=negative
word1=childish priorpolarity=negative
word1=chill priorpolarity=negative
word1=chilly priorpolarity=negative
word1=chit priorpolarity=negative
word1=chivalry priorpolarity=positive
word1=chivalrous priorpolarity=positive
word1=choppy priorpolarity=negative
word1=choke priorpolarity=negative
word1=chore priorpolarity=negative
word1=chronic priorpolarity=negative
word1=chum priorpolarity=positive
word1=civility priorpolarity=positive
word1=civilization priorpolarity=positive
word1=civilize priorpolarity=positive
word1=civilize priorpolarity=positive
word1=civil priorpolarity=positive
word1=claim priorpolarity=neutral
word1=clamor priorpolarity=negative
word1=clamorous priorpolarity=negative
word1=clandestine priorpolarity=neutral
word1=clarity priorpolarity=positive
word1=clash priorpolarity=negative
word1=clash priorpolarity=negative
word1=classic priorpolarity=positive
word1=clean priorpolarity=positive
word1=cleanliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=cleanse priorpolarity=positive
word1=clear priorpolarity=positive
word1=clear-cut priorpolarity=positive
word1=clearer priorpolarity=positive
word1=clearer priorpolarity=positive
word1=clearly priorpolarity=positive
word1=clever priorpolarity=positive
word1=cliche priorpolarity=negative
word1=cliched priorpolarity=negative
word1=clique priorpolarity=negative
word1=clog priorpolarity=negative
word1=close priorpolarity=negative
word1=closeness priorpolarity=positive
word1=closeness priorpolarity=positive
word1=cloud priorpolarity=negative
word1=clout priorpolarity=positive
word1=clout priorpolarity=positive
word1=clumsy priorpolarity=negative
word1=co-operation priorpolarity=positive
word1=co-operation priorpolarity=positive
word1=coarse priorpolarity=negative
word1=coax priorpolarity=positive
word1=cocky priorpolarity=negative
word1=coddle priorpolarity=positive
word1=coerce priorpolarity=negative
word1=coercion priorpolarity=negative
word1=coercive priorpolarity=negative
word1=cogent priorpolarity=positive
word1=cohesive priorpolarity=positive
word1=cogitate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=cognizance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=cognizance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=cognizant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=cohere priorpolarity=positive
word1=coherence priorpolarity=positive
word1=coherence priorpolarity=positive
word1=coherent priorpolarity=positive
word1=cohesion priorpolarity=positive
word1=cohesive priorpolarity=positive
word1=cold priorpolarity=negative
word1=coldly priorpolarity=negative
word1=collapse priorpolarity=negative
word1=collapse priorpolarity=negative
word1=collide priorpolarity=negative
word1=collude priorpolarity=negative
word1=collusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=colorful priorpolarity=positive
word1=colossal priorpolarity=positive
word1=combative priorpolarity=negative
word1=comeback priorpolarity=positive
word1=comeback priorpolarity=positive
word1=comedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=comedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=comely priorpolarity=positive
word1=comfort priorpolarity=positive
word1=comfortable priorpolarity=positive
word1=comfortable priorpolarity=positive
word1=comfortably priorpolarity=positive
word1=comforting priorpolarity=positive
word1=comical priorpolarity=negative
word1=commend priorpolarity=positive
word1=commendable priorpolarity=positive
word1=commendably priorpolarity=positive
word1=commensurate priorpolarity=positive
word1=commonsense priorpolarity=positive
word1=commonsensible priorpolarity=positive
word1=commonsensibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=commonsensical priorpolarity=positive
word1=comment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=comment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=commentator priorpolarity=neutral
word1=commentator priorpolarity=neutral
word1=commodious priorpolarity=positive
word1=commiserate priorpolarity=negative
word1=commitment priorpolarity=positive
word1=commitment priorpolarity=positive
word1=commonplace priorpolarity=negative
word1=commotion priorpolarity=negative
word1=commotion priorpolarity=negative
word1=compact priorpolarity=positive
word1=compassion priorpolarity=positive
word1=compassionate priorpolarity=positive
word1=compatible priorpolarity=positive
word1=compatible priorpolarity=positive
word1=compel priorpolarity=negative
word1=compelling priorpolarity=positive
word1=compelling priorpolarity=positive
word1=compensate priorpolarity=positive
word1=competent priorpolarity=positive
word1=competence priorpolarity=positive
word1=competency priorpolarity=positive
word1=competitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=competitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=competitiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=complacent priorpolarity=negative
word1=complacent priorpolarity=negative
word1=complain priorpolarity=negative
word1=complaining priorpolarity=negative
word1=complaining priorpolarity=negative
word1=complaint priorpolarity=negative
word1=complaints priorpolarity=negative
word1=complaints priorpolarity=negative
word1=complement priorpolarity=positive
word1=complement priorpolarity=positive
word1=complete priorpolarity=neutral
word1=completely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=complex priorpolarity=negative
word1=compliant priorpolarity=positive
word1=compliant priorpolarity=positive
word1=complicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=complicated priorpolarity=negative
word1=complication priorpolarity=negative
word1=complicit priorpolarity=negative
word1=compliment priorpolarity=positive
word1=complimentary priorpolarity=positive
word1=comprehend priorpolarity=neutral
word1=comprehensive priorpolarity=positive
word1=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word1=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word1=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word1=compromises priorpolarity=positive
word1=compromises priorpolarity=positive
word1=compulsion priorpolarity=negative
word1=compulsive priorpolarity=negative
word1=compulsory priorpolarity=negative
word1=comrades priorpolarity=positive
word1=comrades priorpolarity=positive
word1=concede priorpolarity=negative
word1=conceit priorpolarity=negative
word1=conceited priorpolarity=negative
word1=conceivable priorpolarity=positive
word1=conceivable priorpolarity=positive
word1=concern priorpolarity=negative
word1=concern priorpolarity=negative
word1=concern priorpolarity=negative
word1=concerned priorpolarity=negative
word1=concerning priorpolarity=neutral
word1=concerning priorpolarity=neutral
word1=concerns priorpolarity=negative
word1=concerns priorpolarity=negative
word1=concerted priorpolarity=neutral
word1=concession priorpolarity=negative
word1=concession priorpolarity=negative
word1=concessions priorpolarity=negative
word1=concessions priorpolarity=negative
word1=conciliate priorpolarity=positive
word1=conciliatory priorpolarity=positive
word1=conclusive priorpolarity=positive
word1=concrete priorpolarity=positive
word1=concur priorpolarity=positive
word1=condescend priorpolarity=negative
word1=condescending priorpolarity=negative
word1=condescendingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=condescension priorpolarity=negative
word1=condemn priorpolarity=negative
word1=condemn priorpolarity=negative
word1=condemnable priorpolarity=negative
word1=condemnation priorpolarity=negative
word1=condolence priorpolarity=negative
word1=condolences priorpolarity=negative
word1=condolences priorpolarity=negative
word1=condone priorpolarity=positive
word1=conducive priorpolarity=positive
word1=conducive priorpolarity=positive
word1=confer priorpolarity=positive
word1=confess priorpolarity=negative
word1=confession priorpolarity=negative
word1=confessions priorpolarity=negative
word1=confessions priorpolarity=negative
word1=confide priorpolarity=neutral
word1=confidence priorpolarity=positive
word1=confidence priorpolarity=positive
word1=confident priorpolarity=positive
word1=conflict priorpolarity=negative
word1=conflict priorpolarity=negative
word1=confound priorpolarity=negative
word1=confound priorpolarity=negative
word1=confounded priorpolarity=negative
word1=confounding priorpolarity=negative
word1=confront priorpolarity=negative
word1=confrontation priorpolarity=negative
word1=confrontation priorpolarity=negative
word1=confrontational priorpolarity=negative
word1=confuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=confused priorpolarity=negative
word1=confusing priorpolarity=negative
word1=confusing priorpolarity=negative
word1=confusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=confusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=confute priorpolarity=positive
word1=congenial priorpolarity=positive
word1=congested priorpolarity=negative
word1=congestion priorpolarity=negative
word1=congratulate priorpolarity=positive
word1=congratulations priorpolarity=positive
word1=congratulations priorpolarity=positive
word1=congratulatory priorpolarity=positive
word1=conjecture priorpolarity=neutral
word1=conquer priorpolarity=positive
word1=conscience priorpolarity=neutral
word1=conscience priorpolarity=positive
word1=conscientious priorpolarity=positive
word1=consciousness priorpolarity=neutral
word1=consciousness priorpolarity=neutral
word1=consensus priorpolarity=positive
word1=consent priorpolarity=positive
word1=consequently priorpolarity=neutral
word1=consider priorpolarity=neutral
word1=considerable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=considerably priorpolarity=neutral
word1=considerate priorpolarity=positive
word1=consideration priorpolarity=neutral
word1=consideration priorpolarity=neutral
word1=consistent priorpolarity=positive
word1=console priorpolarity=positive
word1=conspicuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspicuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspicuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspiracies priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspiracies priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspiracy priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspiracy priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspirator priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspirator priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspiratorial priorpolarity=negative
word1=conspire priorpolarity=negative
word1=constancy priorpolarity=positive
word1=consternation priorpolarity=negative
word1=constitutions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=constitutions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=constrain priorpolarity=negative
word1=constraint priorpolarity=negative
word1=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word1=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word1=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word1=consume priorpolarity=negative
word1=consummate priorpolarity=positive
word1=contagious priorpolarity=negative
word1=contaminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=contamination priorpolarity=negative
word1=contemplate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=contempt priorpolarity=negative
word1=contemptible priorpolarity=negative
word1=contemptuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=contemptuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=contend priorpolarity=negative
word1=content priorpolarity=positive
word1=content priorpolarity=positive
word1=contention priorpolarity=negative
word1=contentment priorpolarity=positive
word1=contentious priorpolarity=negative
word1=contentious priorpolarity=negative
word1=continuity priorpolarity=positive
word1=continuous priorpolarity=neutral
word1=contort priorpolarity=negative
word1=contortions priorpolarity=negative
word1=contortions priorpolarity=negative
word1=contradict priorpolarity=negative
word1=contradiction priorpolarity=negative
word1=contradictory priorpolarity=negative
word1=contrariness priorpolarity=negative
word1=contrary priorpolarity=negative
word1=contravene priorpolarity=negative
word1=contribution priorpolarity=positive
word1=contribution priorpolarity=positive
word1=contrive priorpolarity=negative
word1=contrived priorpolarity=negative
word1=controversial priorpolarity=negative
word1=controversial priorpolarity=negative
word1=controversy priorpolarity=negative
word1=controversy priorpolarity=negative
word1=convenient priorpolarity=positive
word1=convenient priorpolarity=positive
word1=conveniently priorpolarity=positive
word1=conviction priorpolarity=positive
word1=conviction priorpolarity=positive
word1=convince priorpolarity=positive
word1=convincing priorpolarity=positive
word1=convincing priorpolarity=positive
word1=convincingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=convoluted priorpolarity=negative
word1=cooperate priorpolarity=positive
word1=cooperation priorpolarity=positive
word1=cooperation priorpolarity=positive
word1=cooperative priorpolarity=positive
word1=cooperatively priorpolarity=positive
word1=coping priorpolarity=negative
word1=coping priorpolarity=negative
word1=cordial priorpolarity=positive
word1=cornerstone priorpolarity=positive
word1=cornerstone priorpolarity=positive
word1=correct priorpolarity=positive
word1=correct priorpolarity=positive
word1=corrective priorpolarity=neutral
word1=correctly priorpolarity=positive
word1=corrode priorpolarity=negative
word1=corrosion priorpolarity=negative
word1=corrosive priorpolarity=negative
word1=corrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=corrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=corruption priorpolarity=negative
word1=cost-effective priorpolarity=positive
word1=cost-saving priorpolarity=positive
word1=costly priorpolarity=negative
word1=could priorpolarity=neutral
word1=counterproductive priorpolarity=negative
word1=coupists priorpolarity=negative
word1=coupists priorpolarity=negative
word1=courage priorpolarity=positive
word1=courage priorpolarity=positive
word1=courageous priorpolarity=positive
word1=courageously priorpolarity=positive
word1=courageousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=court priorpolarity=positive
word1=courteous priorpolarity=positive
word1=courtesy priorpolarity=positive
word1=courtly priorpolarity=positive
word1=covenant priorpolarity=positive
word1=covert priorpolarity=neutral
word1=covet priorpolarity=both
word1=coveting priorpolarity=both
word1=covetingly priorpolarity=both
word1=covetous priorpolarity=negative
word1=covetous priorpolarity=negative
word1=covetously priorpolarity=both
word1=cow priorpolarity=negative
word1=coward priorpolarity=negative
word1=cowardly priorpolarity=negative
word1=cozy priorpolarity=positive
word1=crackdown priorpolarity=negative
word1=crackdown priorpolarity=negative
word1=crafty priorpolarity=negative
word1=cramped priorpolarity=negative
word1=cranky priorpolarity=negative
word1=crass priorpolarity=negative
word1=crave priorpolarity=positive
word1=craven priorpolarity=negative
word1=cravenly priorpolarity=negative
word1=craving priorpolarity=positive
word1=craze priorpolarity=negative
word1=crazily priorpolarity=negative
word1=craziness priorpolarity=negative
word1=crazy priorpolarity=negative
word1=creative priorpolarity=positive
word1=credence priorpolarity=positive
word1=credence priorpolarity=positive
word1=credible priorpolarity=positive
word1=credulous priorpolarity=negative
word1=crime priorpolarity=negative
word1=criminal priorpolarity=negative
word1=cringe priorpolarity=negative
word1=cripple priorpolarity=negative
word1=crippling priorpolarity=negative
word1=crisis priorpolarity=negative
word1=crisis priorpolarity=negative
word1=crisp priorpolarity=positive
word1=critic priorpolarity=negative
word1=critical priorpolarity=negative
word1=criticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=criticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=criticisms priorpolarity=negative
word1=criticisms priorpolarity=negative
word1=criticize priorpolarity=negative
word1=critics priorpolarity=negative
word1=critics priorpolarity=negative
word1=crook priorpolarity=negative
word1=crooked priorpolarity=negative
word1=cross priorpolarity=negative
word1=crowded priorpolarity=negative
word1=crude priorpolarity=negative
word1=cruel priorpolarity=negative
word1=cruelties priorpolarity=negative
word1=cruelty priorpolarity=negative
word1=crumble priorpolarity=negative
word1=crumple priorpolarity=negative
word1=crusade priorpolarity=positive
word1=crusade priorpolarity=positive
word1=crusader priorpolarity=positive
word1=crush priorpolarity=negative
word1=crushing priorpolarity=negative
word1=cry priorpolarity=negative
word1=culpable priorpolarity=negative
word1=cuplrit priorpolarity=negative
word1=cumbersome priorpolarity=negative
word1=cure-all priorpolarity=positive
word1=cure-all priorpolarity=positive
word1=curious priorpolarity=positive
word1=curiously priorpolarity=positive
word1=curse priorpolarity=negative
word1=curse priorpolarity=negative
word1=cursed priorpolarity=negative
word1=cursed priorpolarity=negative
word1=curses priorpolarity=negative
word1=cursory priorpolarity=negative
word1=curt priorpolarity=negative
word1=cuss priorpolarity=negative
word1=cut priorpolarity=negative
word1=cute priorpolarity=positive
word1=cutthroat priorpolarity=negative
word1=cynical priorpolarity=negative
word1=cynicism priorpolarity=negative
word1=damage priorpolarity=negative
word1=damage priorpolarity=negative
word1=damaging priorpolarity=negative
word1=damn priorpolarity=negative
word1=damn priorpolarity=negative
word1=damn priorpolarity=negative
word1=damnable priorpolarity=negative
word1=damnably priorpolarity=negative
word1=damnation priorpolarity=negative
word1=damned priorpolarity=negative
word1=damning priorpolarity=negative
word1=dance priorpolarity=positive
word1=dance priorpolarity=positive
word1=danger priorpolarity=negative
word1=danger priorpolarity=negative
word1=dangerous priorpolarity=negative
word1=dangerousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=dangerousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=dangle priorpolarity=negative
word1=dare priorpolarity=positive
word1=daring priorpolarity=positive
word1=daringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=dark priorpolarity=negative
word1=darken priorpolarity=negative
word1=darkness priorpolarity=negative
word1=darling priorpolarity=positive
word1=darn priorpolarity=negative
word1=dash priorpolarity=negative
word1=dashing priorpolarity=positive
word1=dastard priorpolarity=negative
word1=dastardly priorpolarity=negative
word1=daunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=daunting priorpolarity=negative
word1=dauntingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dauntless priorpolarity=positive
word1=dawdle priorpolarity=negative
word1=dawn priorpolarity=positive
word1=daydream priorpolarity=positive
word1=daydreamer priorpolarity=positive
word1=daze priorpolarity=negative
word1=dazed priorpolarity=negative
word1=dazzle priorpolarity=positive
word1=dazzled priorpolarity=positive
word1=dazzling priorpolarity=positive
word1=dead priorpolarity=negative
word1=deadbeat priorpolarity=negative
word1=deadlock priorpolarity=negative
word1=deadlock priorpolarity=negative
word1=deadly priorpolarity=negative
word1=deadweight priorpolarity=negative
word1=deaf priorpolarity=negative
word1=deal priorpolarity=positive
word1=dear priorpolarity=positive
word1=dearth priorpolarity=negative
word1=death priorpolarity=negative
word1=debacle priorpolarity=negative
word1=debase priorpolarity=negative
word1=debasement priorpolarity=negative
word1=debaser priorpolarity=negative
word1=debatable priorpolarity=negative
word1=debate priorpolarity=negative
word1=debauch priorpolarity=negative
word1=debaucher priorpolarity=negative
word1=debauchery priorpolarity=negative
word1=debilitate priorpolarity=negative
word1=debilitating priorpolarity=negative
word1=debility priorpolarity=negative
word1=decadence priorpolarity=negative
word1=decadent priorpolarity=negative
word1=decay priorpolarity=negative
word1=decay priorpolarity=negative
word1=decayed priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceit priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceitful priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceitfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceitfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceiving priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceive priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceiver priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceivers priorpolarity=negative
word1=decent priorpolarity=positive
word1=decency priorpolarity=positive
word1=deception priorpolarity=negative
word1=deception priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceptive priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceptive priorpolarity=negative
word1=deceptively priorpolarity=negative
word1=decide priorpolarity=neutral
word1=decisive priorpolarity=positive
word1=decisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=decisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=declaim priorpolarity=negative
word1=decline priorpolarity=negative
word1=decline priorpolarity=negative
word1=declining priorpolarity=negative
word1=decrease priorpolarity=negative
word1=decrease priorpolarity=negative
word1=decreasing priorpolarity=negative
word1=decrement priorpolarity=negative
word1=decrepit priorpolarity=negative
word1=decrepitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=decry priorpolarity=negative
word1=dedicated priorpolarity=positive
word1=deduce priorpolarity=neutral
word1=deep priorpolarity=neutral
word1=deep priorpolarity=negative
word1=deeply priorpolarity=neutral
word1=deepening priorpolarity=negative
word1=deepening priorpolarity=negative
word1=defamation priorpolarity=negative
word1=defamations priorpolarity=negative
word1=defamatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=defame priorpolarity=negative
word1=defeat priorpolarity=negative
word1=defeat priorpolarity=negative
word1=defect priorpolarity=negative
word1=defective priorpolarity=negative
word1=defend priorpolarity=positive
word1=defender priorpolarity=positive
word1=defender priorpolarity=positive
word1=defensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=deference priorpolarity=positive
word1=defense priorpolarity=positive
word1=defiance priorpolarity=negative
word1=defiance priorpolarity=negative
word1=defiant priorpolarity=negative
word1=defiantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=deficiency priorpolarity=negative
word1=deficient priorpolarity=negative
word1=defile priorpolarity=negative
word1=defiler priorpolarity=negative
word1=definite priorpolarity=positive
word1=definitely priorpolarity=positive
word1=definitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=definitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=definitively priorpolarity=positive
word1=deflationary priorpolarity=positive
word1=deform priorpolarity=negative
word1=deformed priorpolarity=negative
word1=defrauding priorpolarity=negative
word1=defrauding priorpolarity=negative
word1=deft priorpolarity=positive
word1=defunct priorpolarity=negative
word1=defy priorpolarity=negative
word1=degenerate priorpolarity=negative
word1=degenerate priorpolarity=negative
word1=degenerately priorpolarity=negative
word1=degeneration priorpolarity=negative
word1=degradation priorpolarity=negative
word1=degrade priorpolarity=negative
word1=degrading priorpolarity=negative
word1=degradingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dehumanization priorpolarity=negative
word1=dehumanize priorpolarity=negative
word1=deign priorpolarity=negative
word1=deject priorpolarity=negative
word1=dejected priorpolarity=negative
word1=dejectedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dejection priorpolarity=negative
word1=delectable priorpolarity=positive
word1=delicacy priorpolarity=positive
word1=delicate priorpolarity=positive
word1=delicious priorpolarity=positive
word1=delight priorpolarity=positive
word1=delight priorpolarity=positive
word1=delighted priorpolarity=positive
word1=delightful priorpolarity=positive
word1=delightful priorpolarity=positive
word1=delightfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=delightfulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=delinquency priorpolarity=negative
word1=delinquent priorpolarity=negative
word1=delirious priorpolarity=negative
word1=delirium priorpolarity=negative
word1=delude priorpolarity=negative
word1=deluded priorpolarity=negative
word1=deluge priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusional priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusional priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusions priorpolarity=negative
word1=delusions priorpolarity=negative
word1=demand priorpolarity=both
word1=demand priorpolarity=both
word1=demand priorpolarity=both
word1=demands priorpolarity=both
word1=demands priorpolarity=both
word1=demean priorpolarity=negative
word1=demeaning priorpolarity=negative
word1=demise priorpolarity=negative
word1=democratic priorpolarity=positive
word1=demolish priorpolarity=negative
word1=demolisher priorpolarity=negative
word1=demon priorpolarity=negative
word1=demonic priorpolarity=negative
word1=demonize priorpolarity=negative
word1=demonize priorpolarity=negative
word1=demoralize priorpolarity=negative
word1=demoralizing priorpolarity=negative
word1=demoralizingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=demystify priorpolarity=positive
word1=denial priorpolarity=negative
word1=denigrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deny priorpolarity=negative
word1=denounce priorpolarity=negative
word1=denunciate priorpolarity=negative
word1=denunciation priorpolarity=negative
word1=denunciations priorpolarity=negative
word1=dependable priorpolarity=positive
word1=dependent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=dependent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=deplete priorpolarity=negative
word1=deplorable priorpolarity=negative
word1=deplorable priorpolarity=negative
word1=deplorably priorpolarity=negative
word1=deplore priorpolarity=negative
word1=deploring priorpolarity=negative
word1=deploringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=deprave priorpolarity=negative
word1=depraved priorpolarity=negative
word1=depravedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=deprecate priorpolarity=negative
word1=depress priorpolarity=negative
word1=depressed priorpolarity=negative
word1=depressing priorpolarity=negative
word1=depressing priorpolarity=negative
word1=depressingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=depression priorpolarity=negative
word1=depression priorpolarity=negative
word1=deprive priorpolarity=negative
word1=deprived priorpolarity=negative
word1=deride priorpolarity=negative
word1=derision priorpolarity=negative
word1=derisive priorpolarity=negative
word1=derisively priorpolarity=negative
word1=derisiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=derogatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=desecrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deserve priorpolarity=positive
word1=deserved priorpolarity=positive
word1=deservedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=deserving priorpolarity=positive
word1=desert priorpolarity=negative
word1=desertion priorpolarity=negative
word1=desiccate priorpolarity=negative
word1=desiccated priorpolarity=negative
word1=desirable priorpolarity=positive
word1=desire priorpolarity=positive
word1=desire priorpolarity=positive
word1=desire priorpolarity=positive
word1=desirous priorpolarity=positive
word1=desolate priorpolarity=negative
word1=desolately priorpolarity=negative
word1=desolation priorpolarity=negative
word1=despair priorpolarity=negative
word1=despair priorpolarity=negative
word1=despairing priorpolarity=negative
word1=despairingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=desperate priorpolarity=negative
word1=desperately priorpolarity=negative
word1=desperation priorpolarity=negative
word1=despicable priorpolarity=negative
word1=despicably priorpolarity=negative
word1=despise priorpolarity=negative
word1=despised priorpolarity=negative
word1=despised priorpolarity=negative
word1=despite priorpolarity=negative
word1=despoil priorpolarity=negative
word1=despoiler priorpolarity=negative
word1=despondence priorpolarity=negative
word1=despondency priorpolarity=negative
word1=despondent priorpolarity=negative
word1=despondently priorpolarity=negative
word1=despot priorpolarity=negative
word1=despotic priorpolarity=negative
word1=despotism priorpolarity=negative
word1=despotism priorpolarity=negative
word1=destabilisation priorpolarity=negative
word1=destabilisation priorpolarity=negative
word1=destine priorpolarity=positive
word1=destined priorpolarity=positive
word1=destinies priorpolarity=positive
word1=destinies priorpolarity=positive
word1=destiny priorpolarity=positive
word1=destiny priorpolarity=neutral
word1=destiny priorpolarity=neutral
word1=destitute priorpolarity=negative
word1=destitution priorpolarity=negative
word1=destroy priorpolarity=negative
word1=destroyer priorpolarity=negative
word1=destroyer priorpolarity=negative
word1=destruction priorpolarity=negative
word1=destructive priorpolarity=negative
word1=desultory priorpolarity=negative
word1=deter priorpolarity=negative
word1=deteriorate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deteriorating priorpolarity=negative
word1=deteriorating priorpolarity=negative
word1=deterioration priorpolarity=negative
word1=determination priorpolarity=positive
word1=determination priorpolarity=positive
word1=deterrent priorpolarity=negative
word1=detest priorpolarity=negative
word1=detestable priorpolarity=negative
word1=detestably priorpolarity=negative
word1=detract priorpolarity=negative
word1=detraction priorpolarity=negative
word1=detriment priorpolarity=negative
word1=detrimental priorpolarity=negative
word1=devastate priorpolarity=negative
word1=devastated priorpolarity=negative
word1=devastating priorpolarity=negative
word1=devastatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=devastation priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviation priorpolarity=negative
word1=devil priorpolarity=negative
word1=devilish priorpolarity=negative
word1=devilishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=devilment priorpolarity=negative
word1=devilry priorpolarity=negative
word1=devious priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviously priorpolarity=negative
word1=deviousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=devoid priorpolarity=negative
word1=devote priorpolarity=positive
word1=devoted priorpolarity=positive
word1=devotee priorpolarity=positive
word1=devotion priorpolarity=positive
word1=devout priorpolarity=positive
word1=dexterity priorpolarity=positive
word1=dexterous priorpolarity=positive
word1=dexterously priorpolarity=positive
word1=dextrous priorpolarity=positive
word1=diabolic priorpolarity=negative
word1=diabolical priorpolarity=negative
word1=diabolically priorpolarity=negative
word1=diametrically priorpolarity=negative
word1=diatribe priorpolarity=negative
word1=diatribes priorpolarity=negative
word1=dictator priorpolarity=negative
word1=dictatorial priorpolarity=negative
word1=differ priorpolarity=negative
word1=difference priorpolarity=neutral
word1=difference priorpolarity=neutral
word1=difficult priorpolarity=negative
word1=difficulties priorpolarity=negative
word1=difficulties priorpolarity=negative
word1=difficulty priorpolarity=negative
word1=difficulty priorpolarity=negative
word1=diffidence priorpolarity=negative
word1=diffidence priorpolarity=negative
word1=dig priorpolarity=negative
word1=dig priorpolarity=positive
word1=dignified priorpolarity=positive
word1=dignify priorpolarity=positive
word1=dignity priorpolarity=positive
word1=digress priorpolarity=negative
word1=dilapidated priorpolarity=negative
word1=dilemma priorpolarity=negative
word1=dilemma priorpolarity=negative
word1=diligence priorpolarity=positive
word1=diligent priorpolarity=positive
word1=diligently priorpolarity=positive
word1=dilly-dally priorpolarity=negative
word1=dim priorpolarity=negative
word1=dim priorpolarity=negative
word1=diminish priorpolarity=negative
word1=diminishing priorpolarity=negative
word1=din priorpolarity=negative
word1=dinky priorpolarity=negative
word1=diplomacy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=diplomacy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=diplomatic priorpolarity=positive
word1=diplomatic priorpolarity=positive
word1=dire priorpolarity=negative
word1=direct priorpolarity=neutral
word1=direly priorpolarity=negative
word1=direness priorpolarity=negative
word1=dirt priorpolarity=negative
word1=dirty priorpolarity=negative
word1=dirty priorpolarity=negative
word1=disable priorpolarity=negative
word1=disabled priorpolarity=negative
word1=disaccord priorpolarity=negative
word1=disadvantage priorpolarity=negative
word1=disadvantaged priorpolarity=negative
word1=disadvantageous priorpolarity=negative
word1=disadvantageous priorpolarity=negative
word1=disaffect priorpolarity=negative
word1=disaffected priorpolarity=negative
word1=disaffirm priorpolarity=negative
word1=disagree priorpolarity=negative
word1=disagreeable priorpolarity=negative
word1=disagreeably priorpolarity=negative
word1=disagreement priorpolarity=negative
word1=disagreement priorpolarity=negative
word1=disallow priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappoint priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappointed priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappointing priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappointingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappointment priorpolarity=negative
word1=disappointment priorpolarity=negative
word1=disapprobation priorpolarity=negative
word1=disapproval priorpolarity=negative
word1=disapproval priorpolarity=negative
word1=disapprove priorpolarity=negative
word1=disapproving priorpolarity=negative
word1=disarm priorpolarity=negative
word1=disarray priorpolarity=negative
word1=disarray priorpolarity=negative
word1=disaster priorpolarity=negative
word1=disastrous priorpolarity=negative
word1=disastrously priorpolarity=negative
word1=disavow priorpolarity=negative
word1=disavowal priorpolarity=negative
word1=disbelief priorpolarity=negative
word1=disbelieve priorpolarity=negative
word1=disbeliever priorpolarity=negative
word1=discern priorpolarity=neutral
word1=discerning priorpolarity=positive
word1=disclaim priorpolarity=negative
word1=discombobulate priorpolarity=negative
word1=discomfit priorpolarity=negative
word1=discomfititure priorpolarity=negative
word1=discomfort priorpolarity=negative
word1=discompose priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconcert priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconcerted priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconcerting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconcertingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconsolate priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconsolately priorpolarity=negative
word1=disconsolation priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontent priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontent priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontented priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontentedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontinuity priorpolarity=negative
word1=discontinuity priorpolarity=negative
word1=discord priorpolarity=negative
word1=discordance priorpolarity=negative
word1=discordant priorpolarity=negative
word1=discountenance priorpolarity=negative
word1=discourage priorpolarity=negative
word1=discouragement priorpolarity=negative
word1=discouraging priorpolarity=negative
word1=discouragingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=discourteous priorpolarity=negative
word1=discourteously priorpolarity=negative
word1=discredit priorpolarity=negative
word1=discreet priorpolarity=positive
word1=discreet priorpolarity=positive
word1=discrepant priorpolarity=negative
word1=discretion priorpolarity=positive
word1=discriminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=discriminating priorpolarity=positive
word1=discriminatingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=discrimination priorpolarity=negative
word1=discrimination priorpolarity=negative
word1=discriminatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=disdain priorpolarity=negative
word1=disdain priorpolarity=negative
word1=disdainful priorpolarity=negative
word1=disdainfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=disease priorpolarity=negative
word1=diseased priorpolarity=negative
word1=disfavor priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgrace priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgrace priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgraced priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgraceful priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgracefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgruntle priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgruntled priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgust priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgust priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgusted priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgustedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgustful priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgustfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgusting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disgustingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishearten priorpolarity=negative
word1=disheartening priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishearteningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonest priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonest priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonestly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonesty priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonor priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonor priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonorable priorpolarity=negative
word1=dishonorablely priorpolarity=negative
word1=disillusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=disillusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=disillusioned priorpolarity=negative
word1=disinclination priorpolarity=negative
word1=disinclined priorpolarity=negative
word1=disingenuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=disingenuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=disintegrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=disinterested priorpolarity=negative
word1=disintegration priorpolarity=negative
word1=disinterest priorpolarity=negative
word1=disinterested priorpolarity=negative
word1=dislike priorpolarity=negative
word1=dislocated priorpolarity=negative
word1=disloyal priorpolarity=negative
word1=disloyal priorpolarity=negative
word1=disloyalty priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismal priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismally priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismalness priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismay priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismay priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismayed priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismaying priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismayingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismissive priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismissive priorpolarity=negative
word1=dismissively priorpolarity=negative
word1=disobedience priorpolarity=negative
word1=disobedient priorpolarity=negative
word1=disobey priorpolarity=negative
word1=disown priorpolarity=negative
word1=disorder priorpolarity=negative
word1=disorder priorpolarity=negative
word1=disordered priorpolarity=negative
word1=disorderly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disorganized priorpolarity=negative
word1=disorient priorpolarity=negative
word1=disoriented priorpolarity=negative
word1=disown priorpolarity=negative
word1=disparage priorpolarity=negative
word1=disparaging priorpolarity=negative
word1=disparagingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispensable priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispirit priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispirited priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispiritedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispiriting priorpolarity=negative
word1=displace priorpolarity=negative
word1=displaced priorpolarity=negative
word1=displease priorpolarity=negative
word1=displeasing priorpolarity=negative
word1=displeasure priorpolarity=negative
word1=displeasure priorpolarity=negative
word1=disposition priorpolarity=neutral
word1=disproportionate priorpolarity=negative
word1=disprove priorpolarity=negative
word1=disputable priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispute priorpolarity=negative
word1=dispute priorpolarity=negative
word1=disputed priorpolarity=negative
word1=disquiet priorpolarity=negative
word1=disquieting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disquietingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disquietude priorpolarity=negative
word1=disregard priorpolarity=negative
word1=disregard priorpolarity=negative
word1=disregardful priorpolarity=negative
word1=disreputable priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrepute priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespect priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespectable priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespectablity priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespectful priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespectfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespectfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespecting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrespecting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=disruption priorpolarity=negative
word1=disruption priorpolarity=negative
word1=disruptive priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfaction priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfaction priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfactory priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfied priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfy priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissatisfying priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissemble priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissembler priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissension priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissent priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissent priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissenter priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissention priorpolarity=negative
word1=disservice priorpolarity=negative
word1=disservice priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissidence priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissident priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissident priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissidents priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissidents priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissocial priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissolute priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissolution priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissonance priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissonant priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissonantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissuade priorpolarity=negative
word1=dissuasive priorpolarity=negative
word1=distaste priorpolarity=negative
word1=distasteful priorpolarity=negative
word1=distastefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=distinct priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinction priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinctly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=distinguish priorpolarity=positive
word1=distinguished priorpolarity=positive
word1=distort priorpolarity=negative
word1=distortion priorpolarity=negative
word1=distortion priorpolarity=negative
word1=distract priorpolarity=negative
word1=distracting priorpolarity=negative
word1=distraction priorpolarity=negative
word1=distraction priorpolarity=negative
word1=distraught priorpolarity=negative
word1=distraughtly priorpolarity=negative
word1=distraughtness priorpolarity=negative
word1=distress priorpolarity=negative
word1=distressed priorpolarity=negative
word1=distressing priorpolarity=negative
word1=distressingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=distrust priorpolarity=negative
word1=distrustful priorpolarity=negative
word1=distrusting priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturb priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturbed priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturbed-let priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturbed-let priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturbing priorpolarity=negative
word1=disturbingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=disunity priorpolarity=negative
word1=disvalue priorpolarity=negative
word1=divergent priorpolarity=negative
word1=diversified priorpolarity=positive
word1=divide priorpolarity=negative
word1=divided priorpolarity=negative
word1=divine priorpolarity=positive
word1=divine priorpolarity=positive
word1=divinely priorpolarity=positive
word1=division priorpolarity=negative
word1=divisive priorpolarity=negative
word1=divisively priorpolarity=negative
word1=divisiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=divorce priorpolarity=negative
word1=divorce priorpolarity=negative
word1=divorced priorpolarity=negative
word1=dizzy priorpolarity=negative
word1=dizzing priorpolarity=negative
word1=dizzingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=doddering priorpolarity=negative
word1=dodge priorpolarity=positive
word1=dodge priorpolarity=positive
word1=dodgey priorpolarity=negative
word1=dogged priorpolarity=negative
word1=doggedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=dogmatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=doldrums priorpolarity=negative
word1=dominance priorpolarity=negative
word1=dominance priorpolarity=negative
word1=dominant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=dominant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=dominate priorpolarity=negative
word1=domination priorpolarity=negative
word1=domination priorpolarity=negative
word1=domineer priorpolarity=negative
word1=domineering priorpolarity=negative
word1=domineering priorpolarity=negative
word1=doom priorpolarity=negative
word1=doomsday priorpolarity=negative
word1=doomsday priorpolarity=negative
word1=dope priorpolarity=negative
word1=dote priorpolarity=positive
word1=dotingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=doubt priorpolarity=negative
word1=doubt priorpolarity=negative
word1=doubtful priorpolarity=negative
word1=doubtfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=doubtless priorpolarity=positive
word1=doubts priorpolarity=negative
word1=doubts priorpolarity=negative
word1=down priorpolarity=negative
word1=downbeat priorpolarity=negative
word1=downcast priorpolarity=negative
word1=downer priorpolarity=negative
word1=downfall priorpolarity=negative
word1=downfallen priorpolarity=negative
word1=downgrade priorpolarity=negative
word1=downhearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=downheartedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=downright priorpolarity=neutral
word1=downside priorpolarity=negative
word1=drab priorpolarity=negative
word1=draconian priorpolarity=negative
word1=draconic priorpolarity=negative
word1=dragon priorpolarity=negative
word1=dragons priorpolarity=negative
word1=dragons priorpolarity=negative
word1=dragoon priorpolarity=negative
word1=drain priorpolarity=negative
word1=drain priorpolarity=negative
word1=drama priorpolarity=negative
word1=drama priorpolarity=negative
word1=dramatic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=dramatically priorpolarity=neutral
word1=drastic priorpolarity=negative
word1=drastically priorpolarity=negative
word1=dread priorpolarity=negative
word1=dread priorpolarity=negative
word1=dreadful priorpolarity=negative
word1=dreadfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=dreadfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=dream priorpolarity=positive
word1=dream priorpolarity=positive
word1=dream priorpolarity=positive
word1=dreamland priorpolarity=positive
word1=dreams priorpolarity=positive
word1=dreams priorpolarity=positive
word1=dreamy priorpolarity=positive
word1=dreary priorpolarity=negative
word1=drive priorpolarity=positive
word1=driven priorpolarity=positive
word1=drones priorpolarity=negative
word1=drones priorpolarity=negative
word1=droop priorpolarity=negative
word1=drought priorpolarity=negative
word1=drought priorpolarity=negative
word1=drowning priorpolarity=negative
word1=drunk priorpolarity=negative
word1=drunkard priorpolarity=negative
word1=drunken priorpolarity=negative
word1=dubious priorpolarity=negative
word1=dubiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=dubitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=dud priorpolarity=negative
word1=dull priorpolarity=negative
word1=dullard priorpolarity=negative
word1=dumb priorpolarity=negative
word1=dumb priorpolarity=negative
word1=dumbfound priorpolarity=negative
word1=dumbfounded priorpolarity=negative
word1=dummy priorpolarity=negative
word1=dump priorpolarity=negative
word1=dunce priorpolarity=negative
word1=dungeon priorpolarity=negative
word1=dungeons priorpolarity=negative
word1=dungeons priorpolarity=negative
word1=dupe priorpolarity=negative
word1=durable priorpolarity=positive
word1=durability priorpolarity=positive
word1=dusty priorpolarity=negative
word1=duty priorpolarity=neutral
word1=dwindle priorpolarity=negative
word1=dwindling priorpolarity=negative
word1=dynamic priorpolarity=positive
word1=dying priorpolarity=negative
word1=eager priorpolarity=positive
word1=eagerly priorpolarity=positive
word1=eagerness priorpolarity=positive
word1=earnest priorpolarity=positive
word1=earnestly priorpolarity=positive
word1=earnestness priorpolarity=positive
word1=earsplitting priorpolarity=negative
word1=ease priorpolarity=positive
word1=ease priorpolarity=positive
word1=easier priorpolarity=positive
word1=easiest priorpolarity=positive
word1=easily priorpolarity=positive
word1=easiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=easy priorpolarity=positive
word1=easygoing priorpolarity=positive
word1=ebullience priorpolarity=positive
word1=ebullient priorpolarity=positive
word1=ebulliently priorpolarity=positive
word1=eccentric priorpolarity=negative
word1=eccentricity priorpolarity=negative
word1=eclectic priorpolarity=positive
word1=economical priorpolarity=positive
word1=ecstasies priorpolarity=positive
word1=ecstasy priorpolarity=positive
word1=ecstatic priorpolarity=positive
word1=ecstatically priorpolarity=positive
word1=edgy priorpolarity=negative
word1=edify priorpolarity=positive
word1=educable priorpolarity=positive
word1=educated priorpolarity=positive
word1=educational priorpolarity=positive
word1=effective priorpolarity=positive
word1=effectively priorpolarity=neutral
word1=effectiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=effectual priorpolarity=positive
word1=efficacious priorpolarity=positive
word1=efficiency priorpolarity=positive
word1=efficient priorpolarity=positive
word1=effigy priorpolarity=negative
word1=effortless priorpolarity=positive
word1=effortlessly priorpolarity=positive
word1=effrontery priorpolarity=negative
word1=effusion priorpolarity=positive
word1=effusive priorpolarity=positive
word1=effusively priorpolarity=positive
word1=effusiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=egalitarian priorpolarity=positive
word1=ego priorpolarity=negative
word1=ego priorpolarity=negative
word1=egocentric priorpolarity=negative
word1=egomania priorpolarity=negative
word1=egotism priorpolarity=negative
word1=egotistical priorpolarity=negative
word1=egotistically priorpolarity=negative
word1=egregious priorpolarity=negative
word1=egregiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=ejaculate priorpolarity=negative
word1=elaborate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=elan priorpolarity=positive
word1=elate priorpolarity=positive
word1=elated priorpolarity=positive
word1=elatedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=elation priorpolarity=positive
word1=election-rigger priorpolarity=negative
word1=election-rigger priorpolarity=negative
word1=electrification priorpolarity=positive
word1=electrification priorpolarity=positive
word1=electrify priorpolarity=positive
word1=elegance priorpolarity=positive
word1=elegant priorpolarity=positive
word1=elegantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=elevate priorpolarity=positive
word1=elevated priorpolarity=positive
word1=eligible priorpolarity=positive
word1=eliminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=elimination priorpolarity=negative
word1=elite priorpolarity=positive
word1=eloquence priorpolarity=positive
word1=eloquent priorpolarity=positive
word1=eloquently priorpolarity=positive
word1=else priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emaciated priorpolarity=negative
word1=emancipate priorpolarity=positive
word1=emasculate priorpolarity=negative
word1=embarrass priorpolarity=negative
word1=embarrassing priorpolarity=negative
word1=embarrassingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=embarrassment priorpolarity=negative
word1=embattled priorpolarity=negative
word1=embellish priorpolarity=positive
word1=embodiment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=embolden priorpolarity=positive
word1=embrace priorpolarity=positive
word1=embroil priorpolarity=negative
word1=embroiled priorpolarity=negative
word1=embroilment priorpolarity=negative
word1=eminence priorpolarity=positive
word1=eminent priorpolarity=positive
word1=emotion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emotion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emotional priorpolarity=negative
word1=emotions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emotions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=empathize priorpolarity=negative
word1=empathy priorpolarity=negative
word1=emphasise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emphasise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=emphatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=emphatically priorpolarity=negative
word1=empower priorpolarity=positive
word1=empowerment priorpolarity=positive
word1=emptiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=emptiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=empty priorpolarity=negative
word1=enable priorpolarity=positive
word1=enchant priorpolarity=positive
word1=enchanted priorpolarity=positive
word1=enchanting priorpolarity=positive
word1=enchantingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=encourage priorpolarity=positive
word1=encouragement priorpolarity=positive
word1=encouragement priorpolarity=positive
word1=encouraging priorpolarity=positive
word1=encouraging priorpolarity=positive
word1=encouragingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=encroach priorpolarity=negative
word1=encroachment priorpolarity=negative
word1=endanger priorpolarity=negative
word1=endear priorpolarity=positive
word1=endearing priorpolarity=positive
word1=endless priorpolarity=negative
word1=endorse priorpolarity=positive
word1=endorsement priorpolarity=positive
word1=endorsement priorpolarity=positive
word1=endorser priorpolarity=positive
word1=endurable priorpolarity=positive
word1=endure priorpolarity=positive
word1=enduring priorpolarity=positive
word1=enemies priorpolarity=negative
word1=enemies priorpolarity=negative
word1=enemy priorpolarity=negative
word1=energetic priorpolarity=positive
word1=energetic priorpolarity=positive
word1=energize priorpolarity=positive
word1=enervate priorpolarity=negative
word1=enfeeble priorpolarity=negative
word1=enflame priorpolarity=negative
word1=engage priorpolarity=neutral
word1=engaging priorpolarity=positive
word1=engross priorpolarity=neutral
word1=engrossing priorpolarity=positive
word1=engulf priorpolarity=negative
word1=enhance priorpolarity=positive
word1=enhanced priorpolarity=positive
word1=enhancement priorpolarity=positive
word1=enjoin priorpolarity=negative
word1=enjoy priorpolarity=positive
word1=enjoyable priorpolarity=positive
word1=enjoyably priorpolarity=positive
word1=enjoyment priorpolarity=positive
word1=enlighten priorpolarity=positive
word1=enlightenment priorpolarity=positive
word1=enliven priorpolarity=positive
word1=enmity priorpolarity=negative
word1=ennoble priorpolarity=positive
word1=enormities priorpolarity=negative
word1=enormity priorpolarity=negative
word1=enormous priorpolarity=negative
word1=enormously priorpolarity=negative
word1=enough priorpolarity=neutral
word1=enrage priorpolarity=negative
word1=enraged priorpolarity=negative
word1=enrapt priorpolarity=positive
word1=enrapture priorpolarity=positive
word1=enraptured priorpolarity=positive
word1=enrich priorpolarity=positive
word1=enrichment priorpolarity=positive
word1=enslave priorpolarity=negative
word1=ensure priorpolarity=positive
word1=entangle priorpolarity=negative
word1=entanglement priorpolarity=negative
word1=enterprising priorpolarity=positive
word1=entertain priorpolarity=positive
word1=entertaining priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthral priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthrall priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthralled priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthuse priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthusiasm priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthusiast priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthusiastic priorpolarity=positive
word1=enthusiastically priorpolarity=positive
word1=entice priorpolarity=positive
word1=enticing priorpolarity=positive
word1=enticingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=entire priorpolarity=neutral
word1=entirely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=entrance priorpolarity=positive
word1=entranced priorpolarity=positive
word1=entrancing priorpolarity=positive
word1=entrap priorpolarity=negative
word1=entrapment priorpolarity=negative
word1=entreat priorpolarity=positive
word1=entreatingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=entrenchment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=entrenchment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=entrust priorpolarity=positive
word1=enviable priorpolarity=positive
word1=enviably priorpolarity=positive
word1=envious priorpolarity=negative
word1=enviously priorpolarity=negative
word1=enviousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=envision priorpolarity=positive
word1=envisions priorpolarity=positive
word1=envisions priorpolarity=positive
word1=envy priorpolarity=negative
word1=envy priorpolarity=negative
word1=epic priorpolarity=positive
word1=epidemic priorpolarity=negative
word1=epitome priorpolarity=positive
word1=equality priorpolarity=positive
word1=equality priorpolarity=positive
word1=equitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=equivocal priorpolarity=negative
word1=eradicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=erase priorpolarity=negative
word1=erode priorpolarity=negative
word1=erosion priorpolarity=negative
word1=err priorpolarity=negative
word1=errant priorpolarity=negative
word1=erratic priorpolarity=negative
word1=erratically priorpolarity=negative
word1=erroneous priorpolarity=negative
word1=erroneous priorpolarity=negative
word1=erroneously priorpolarity=negative
word1=error priorpolarity=negative
word1=error priorpolarity=negative
word1=erudite priorpolarity=positive
word1=escapade priorpolarity=negative
word1=eschew priorpolarity=negative
word1=esoteric priorpolarity=negative
word1=essential priorpolarity=positive
word1=especially priorpolarity=positive
word1=esteem priorpolarity=positive
word1=esteem priorpolarity=positive
word1=estranged priorpolarity=negative
word1=established priorpolarity=positive
word1=eternal priorpolarity=negative
word1=eternity priorpolarity=positive
word1=eternity priorpolarity=positive
word1=ethical priorpolarity=positive
word1=eulogize priorpolarity=positive
word1=euphoria priorpolarity=positive
word1=euphoric priorpolarity=positive
word1=euphorically priorpolarity=positive
word1=evaluate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=evaluation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=evaluation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=evade priorpolarity=negative
word1=evasion priorpolarity=negative
word1=evasive priorpolarity=negative
word1=even priorpolarity=positive
word1=evenly priorpolarity=positive
word1=eventful priorpolarity=positive
word1=everlasting priorpolarity=positive
word1=evident priorpolarity=positive
word1=evidently priorpolarity=positive
word1=evil priorpolarity=negative
word1=evil priorpolarity=negative
word1=evildoer priorpolarity=negative
word1=evils priorpolarity=negative
word1=evils priorpolarity=negative
word1=eviscerate priorpolarity=negative
word1=evocative priorpolarity=positive
word1=exacerbate priorpolarity=negative
word1=exact priorpolarity=neutral
word1=exacting priorpolarity=negative
word1=exactly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=exaggerate priorpolarity=negative
word1=exaggeration priorpolarity=negative
word1=exaggeration priorpolarity=negative
word1=exalt priorpolarity=positive
word1=exalt priorpolarity=positive
word1=exaltation priorpolarity=positive
word1=exalted priorpolarity=positive
word1=exaltedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=exalting priorpolarity=positive
word1=exaltingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=exasperate priorpolarity=negative
word1=exasperation priorpolarity=negative
word1=exasperating priorpolarity=negative
word1=exasperatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=exceed priorpolarity=positive
word1=exceeding priorpolarity=positive
word1=exceedingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=excel priorpolarity=positive
word1=excellence priorpolarity=positive
word1=excellency priorpolarity=positive
word1=excellent priorpolarity=positive
word1=excellently priorpolarity=positive
word1=exceptional priorpolarity=positive
word1=exceptionally priorpolarity=positive
word1=excessive priorpolarity=negative
word1=excessively priorpolarity=negative
word1=excite priorpolarity=positive
word1=excited priorpolarity=positive
word1=excitedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=excitedness priorpolarity=positive
word1=excitement priorpolarity=positive
word1=exciting priorpolarity=positive
word1=excitingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=exclaim priorpolarity=negative
word1=exclude priorpolarity=negative
word1=exclusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=exclusive priorpolarity=positive
word1=exclusively priorpolarity=neutral
word1=excoriate priorpolarity=negative
word1=excruciating priorpolarity=negative
word1=excruciatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=excusable priorpolarity=positive
word1=excusable priorpolarity=positive
word1=excuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=excuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=excuse priorpolarity=positive
word1=excuses priorpolarity=negative
word1=excuses priorpolarity=negative
word1=execrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=exemplar priorpolarity=positive
word1=exemplary priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhaust priorpolarity=negative
word1=exhaustion priorpolarity=negative
word1=exhaustive priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhaustively priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhilarate priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhilarating priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhilaratingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhilaration priorpolarity=positive
word1=exhort priorpolarity=negative
word1=exile priorpolarity=negative
word1=exonerate priorpolarity=positive
word1=exorbitant priorpolarity=negative
word1=exorbitantance priorpolarity=negative
word1=exorbitantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=expansive priorpolarity=positive
word1=expectation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expectation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expedient priorpolarity=negative
word1=expediencies priorpolarity=negative
word1=expediencies priorpolarity=negative
word1=expel priorpolarity=negative
word1=expensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=expensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=experienced priorpolarity=positive
word1=expert priorpolarity=positive
word1=expertly priorpolarity=positive
word1=expire priorpolarity=negative
word1=explicit priorpolarity=positive
word1=explicitly priorpolarity=positive
word1=explode priorpolarity=negative
word1=exploit priorpolarity=negative
word1=exploitation priorpolarity=negative
word1=exploitation priorpolarity=negative
word1=expose priorpolarity=negative
word1=exposed priorpolarity=negative
word1=explosive priorpolarity=negative
word1=expound priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expression priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expression priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expressions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expressions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=expressive priorpolarity=positive
word1=expropriate priorpolarity=negative
word1=expropriate priorpolarity=negative
word1=expropriation priorpolarity=negative
word1=expropriation priorpolarity=negative
word1=expulse priorpolarity=negative
word1=expunge priorpolarity=negative
word1=exquisite priorpolarity=positive
word1=exquisitely priorpolarity=positive
word1=extemporize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=extensive priorpolarity=neutral
word1=extensively priorpolarity=neutral
word1=exterminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=extermination priorpolarity=negative
word1=extinguish priorpolarity=negative
word1=extol priorpolarity=positive
word1=extoll priorpolarity=positive
word1=extort priorpolarity=negative
word1=extortion priorpolarity=negative
word1=extraneous priorpolarity=negative
word1=extraordinarily priorpolarity=positive
word1=extraordinary priorpolarity=positive
word1=extravagance priorpolarity=negative
word1=extravagant priorpolarity=negative
word1=extravagantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=extreme priorpolarity=negative
word1=extreme priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremely priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremism priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremism priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremist priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremists priorpolarity=negative
word1=extremists priorpolarity=negative
word1=exuberance priorpolarity=positive
word1=exuberant priorpolarity=positive
word1=exuberantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=exult priorpolarity=positive
word1=exultation priorpolarity=positive
word1=exultingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=eyebrows priorpolarity=neutral
word1=eyebrows priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fabricate priorpolarity=negative
word1=fabrication priorpolarity=negative
word1=fabulous priorpolarity=positive
word1=fabulously priorpolarity=positive
word1=facetious priorpolarity=negative
word1=facetiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=facilitate priorpolarity=positive
word1=fact priorpolarity=neutral
word1=facts priorpolarity=neutral
word1=factual priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fading priorpolarity=negative
word1=fail priorpolarity=negative
word1=failing priorpolarity=negative
word1=failure priorpolarity=negative
word1=failure priorpolarity=negative
word1=failures priorpolarity=negative
word1=failures priorpolarity=negative
word1=faint priorpolarity=negative
word1=fainthearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=fair priorpolarity=positive
word1=fair priorpolarity=positive
word1=fairly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fairness priorpolarity=positive
word1=fairness priorpolarity=positive
word1=faith priorpolarity=positive
word1=faith priorpolarity=positive
word1=faithful priorpolarity=positive
word1=faithful priorpolarity=positive
word1=faithfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=faithfulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=faithless priorpolarity=negative
word1=fake priorpolarity=negative
word1=fall priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallacies priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallacies priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallaciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallaciousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallacy priorpolarity=negative
word1=fallout priorpolarity=negative
word1=false priorpolarity=negative
word1=false priorpolarity=negative
word1=falsehood priorpolarity=negative
word1=falsely priorpolarity=negative
word1=falsify priorpolarity=negative
word1=falter priorpolarity=negative
word1=famed priorpolarity=positive
word1=familiar priorpolarity=neutral
word1=familiar priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fame priorpolarity=positive
word1=famed priorpolarity=positive
word1=famine priorpolarity=negative
word1=famished priorpolarity=negative
word1=famous priorpolarity=positive
word1=famously priorpolarity=positive
word1=fanatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=fanatical priorpolarity=negative
word1=fanatically priorpolarity=negative
word1=fanaticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=fanatics priorpolarity=negative
word1=fanciful priorpolarity=negative
word1=fancy priorpolarity=positive
word1=fancy priorpolarity=positive
word1=fanfare priorpolarity=positive
word1=fanfare priorpolarity=positive
word1=fantastic priorpolarity=positive
word1=fantastically priorpolarity=positive
word1=fantasy priorpolarity=positive
word1=fantasy priorpolarity=positive
word1=far-fetched priorpolarity=negative
word1=far-reaching priorpolarity=neutral
word1=farfetched priorpolarity=negative
word1=farce priorpolarity=negative
word1=farcical priorpolarity=negative
word1=farcical-yet-provocative priorpolarity=negative
word1=farcically priorpolarity=negative
word1=farsighted priorpolarity=positive
word1=fascinate priorpolarity=positive
word1=fascinating priorpolarity=positive
word1=fascinatingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fascination priorpolarity=positive
word1=fascism priorpolarity=negative
word1=fascism priorpolarity=negative
word1=fascist priorpolarity=negative
word1=fashionable priorpolarity=positive
word1=fashionably priorpolarity=positive
word1=fast priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fast-growing priorpolarity=positive
word1=fast-paced priorpolarity=positive
word1=fastest-growing priorpolarity=positive
word1=fastidious priorpolarity=negative
word1=fastidiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=fastuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=fat priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatal priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatalistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatalistically priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatally priorpolarity=negative
word1=fateful priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=fathom priorpolarity=positive
word1=fathomless priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatigue priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatty priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatuity priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=fatuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=fault priorpolarity=negative
word1=faulty priorpolarity=negative
word1=favor priorpolarity=positive
word1=favor priorpolarity=positive
word1=favor priorpolarity=positive
word1=favorable priorpolarity=positive
word1=favorable priorpolarity=positive
word1=favored priorpolarity=positive
word1=favorite priorpolarity=positive
word1=fawn priorpolarity=both
word1=fawningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=favour priorpolarity=positive
word1=faze priorpolarity=negative
word1=fear priorpolarity=negative
word1=fear priorpolarity=negative
word1=fearful priorpolarity=negative
word1=fearfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=fearless priorpolarity=positive
word1=fearlessly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fears priorpolarity=negative
word1=fears priorpolarity=negative
word1=fearsome priorpolarity=negative
word1=feasible priorpolarity=positive
word1=feasibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=feat priorpolarity=positive
word1=featly priorpolarity=positive
word1=feckless priorpolarity=negative
word1=feeble priorpolarity=negative
word1=feeblely priorpolarity=negative
word1=feebleminded priorpolarity=negative
word1=feel priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feels priorpolarity=neutral
word1=felt priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feelings priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feelings priorpolarity=neutral
word1=feign priorpolarity=negative
word1=feint priorpolarity=negative
word1=feisty priorpolarity=positive
word1=feisty priorpolarity=positive
word1=felicitate priorpolarity=positive
word1=felicitous priorpolarity=positive
word1=felicity priorpolarity=positive
word1=fell priorpolarity=negative
word1=felon priorpolarity=negative
word1=felonious priorpolarity=negative
word1=ferocious priorpolarity=negative
word1=ferociously priorpolarity=negative
word1=ferocity priorpolarity=negative
word1=fertile priorpolarity=positive
word1=fertile priorpolarity=positive
word1=fervent priorpolarity=positive
word1=fervently priorpolarity=positive
word1=fervid priorpolarity=positive
word1=fervidly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fervor priorpolarity=positive
word1=feverish priorpolarity=negative
word1=festive priorpolarity=positive
word1=fetid priorpolarity=negative
word1=fever priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiasco priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiat priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiat priorpolarity=negative
word1=fib priorpolarity=negative
word1=fib priorpolarity=negative
word1=fibber priorpolarity=negative
word1=fickle priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiction priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiction priorpolarity=negative
word1=fictional priorpolarity=negative
word1=fictitious priorpolarity=negative
word1=fidelity priorpolarity=positive
word1=fidget priorpolarity=negative
word1=fidgety priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiend priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiendish priorpolarity=negative
word1=fierce priorpolarity=negative
word1=fiery priorpolarity=positive
word1=fight priorpolarity=negative
word1=fight priorpolarity=negative
word1=figurehead priorpolarity=negative
word1=figurehead priorpolarity=negative
word1=filth priorpolarity=negative
word1=filthy priorpolarity=negative
word1=finagle priorpolarity=negative
word1=finally priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fine priorpolarity=positive
word1=fine priorpolarity=negative
word1=finely priorpolarity=positive
word1=firm priorpolarity=neutral
word1=firm priorpolarity=neutral
word1=firmly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=first-class priorpolarity=positive
word1=first-rate priorpolarity=positive
word1=fissures priorpolarity=negative
word1=fissures priorpolarity=negative
word1=fist priorpolarity=negative
word1=fit priorpolarity=positive
word1=fitting priorpolarity=positive
word1=fixer priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fixer priorpolarity=neutral
word1=flabbergast priorpolarity=negative
word1=flabbergasted priorpolarity=negative
word1=flagging priorpolarity=negative
word1=flagrant priorpolarity=negative
word1=flagrantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=flair priorpolarity=positive
word1=flak priorpolarity=negative
word1=flak priorpolarity=negative
word1=flake priorpolarity=negative
word1=flakey priorpolarity=negative
word1=flaky priorpolarity=negative
word1=flame priorpolarity=positive
word1=flame priorpolarity=positive
word1=flash priorpolarity=negative
word1=flash priorpolarity=negative
word1=flashy priorpolarity=negative
word1=flat-out priorpolarity=negative
word1=flatter priorpolarity=positive
word1=flattering priorpolarity=positive
word1=flatteringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=flaunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=flaw priorpolarity=negative
word1=flaw priorpolarity=negative
word1=flaws priorpolarity=negative
word1=flawed priorpolarity=negative
word1=flawed priorpolarity=negative
word1=flawless priorpolarity=positive
word1=flawlessly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fleer priorpolarity=negative
word1=fleeting priorpolarity=negative
word1=flexible priorpolarity=positive
word1=flighty priorpolarity=negative
word1=flimflam priorpolarity=negative
word1=flimsy priorpolarity=negative
word1=flirt priorpolarity=negative
word1=flirty priorpolarity=negative
word1=floor priorpolarity=neutral
word1=floored priorpolarity=negative
word1=flounder priorpolarity=negative
word1=floundering priorpolarity=negative
word1=flourish priorpolarity=positive
word1=flourishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=flout priorpolarity=negative
word1=fluent priorpolarity=positive
word1=fluster priorpolarity=negative
word1=foe priorpolarity=negative
word1=fond priorpolarity=positive
word1=fondly priorpolarity=positive
word1=fondness priorpolarity=positive
word1=fool priorpolarity=negative
word1=foolhardy priorpolarity=negative
word1=foolish priorpolarity=negative
word1=foolishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=foolishness priorpolarity=negative
word1=foolproof priorpolarity=positive
word1=forbid priorpolarity=negative
word1=forbidden priorpolarity=negative
word1=forbidding priorpolarity=negative
word1=forbidding priorpolarity=negative
word1=force priorpolarity=negative
word1=forceful priorpolarity=negative
word1=foreboding priorpolarity=negative
word1=forebodingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=foremost priorpolarity=positive
word1=forsee priorpolarity=neutral
word1=foresight priorpolarity=positive
word1=foretell priorpolarity=neutral
word1=forfeit priorpolarity=negative
word1=forgave priorpolarity=positive
word1=forged priorpolarity=negative
word1=forget priorpolarity=negative
word1=forgetful priorpolarity=negative
word1=forgetfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=forgetfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=forgive priorpolarity=positive
word1=forgiven priorpolarity=positive
word1=forgiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=forgiving priorpolarity=positive
word1=forgivingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=forlorn priorpolarity=negative
word1=forlornly priorpolarity=negative
word1=formidable priorpolarity=negative
word1=forsake priorpolarity=negative
word1=forsaken priorpolarity=negative
word1=forswear priorpolarity=negative
word1=forthright priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fortitude priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortress priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fortress priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fortuitous priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortuitously priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortunate priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortunate priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortunately priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortune priorpolarity=positive
word1=fortune priorpolarity=positive
word1=foul priorpolarity=negative
word1=foul priorpolarity=negative
word1=foul priorpolarity=negative
word1=foully priorpolarity=negative
word1=foulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=fractious priorpolarity=negative
word1=fractiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=fracture priorpolarity=negative
word1=fracture priorpolarity=negative
word1=fragile priorpolarity=negative
word1=fragile priorpolarity=negative
word1=fragmented priorpolarity=negative
word1=fragrant priorpolarity=positive
word1=frail priorpolarity=negative
word1=frank priorpolarity=positive
word1=frankly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=frantic priorpolarity=negative
word1=frantically priorpolarity=negative
word1=franticly priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraternize priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraud priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraud priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraudulent priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraught priorpolarity=negative
word1=fraught priorpolarity=negative
word1=freak priorpolarity=negative
word1=freak priorpolarity=negative
word1=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word1=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word1=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word1=freakishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=frazzle priorpolarity=negative
word1=frazzle priorpolarity=negative
word1=frazzled priorpolarity=negative
word1=free priorpolarity=positive
word1=freedom priorpolarity=positive
word1=freedom priorpolarity=positive
word1=freedoms priorpolarity=positive
word1=freedoms priorpolarity=positive
word1=frenetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=frenetically priorpolarity=negative
word1=frenzied priorpolarity=negative
word1=frenzy priorpolarity=negative
word1=frequent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fresh priorpolarity=positive
word1=fret priorpolarity=negative
word1=fretful priorpolarity=negative
word1=friction priorpolarity=negative
word1=friction priorpolarity=negative
word1=frictions priorpolarity=negative
word1=frictions priorpolarity=negative
word1=friend priorpolarity=positive
word1=friend priorpolarity=positive
word1=friendliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=friendliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=friendly priorpolarity=positive
word1=friends priorpolarity=positive
word1=friends priorpolarity=positive
word1=friendship priorpolarity=positive
word1=friendship priorpolarity=positive
word1=friggin priorpolarity=negative
word1=fright priorpolarity=negative
word1=fright priorpolarity=negative
word1=frighten priorpolarity=negative
word1=frightening priorpolarity=negative
word1=frighteningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=frighteningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=frightful priorpolarity=negative
word1=frightfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=frigid priorpolarity=negative
word1=frivolous priorpolarity=negative
word1=frolic priorpolarity=positive
word1=frown priorpolarity=negative
word1=frown priorpolarity=negative
word1=frozen priorpolarity=negative
word1=fruitful priorpolarity=positive
word1=fruitless priorpolarity=negative
word1=fruitlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=fumble priorpolarity=negative
word1=fun priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustrated priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustrating priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustrating priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustratingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=frustration priorpolarity=negative
word1=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=fugitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=fulfillment priorpolarity=positive
word1=fulfillment priorpolarity=positive
word1=full priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fully priorpolarity=neutral
word1=full-blown priorpolarity=negative
word1=full-fledged priorpolarity=positive
word1=full-scale priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fulminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=fume priorpolarity=negative
word1=fun priorpolarity=positive
word1=functional priorpolarity=positive
word1=fundamental priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fundamentally priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fundamentalism priorpolarity=negative
word1=fundamentalism priorpolarity=negative
word1=funded priorpolarity=neutral
word1=funny priorpolarity=positive
word1=funny priorpolarity=positive
word1=furious priorpolarity=negative
word1=furiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=furor priorpolarity=negative
word1=further priorpolarity=neutral
word1=furthermore priorpolarity=neutral
word1=fury priorpolarity=negative
word1=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word1=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word1=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word1=fustigate priorpolarity=negative
word1=fussy priorpolarity=negative
word1=fusty priorpolarity=negative
word1=futile priorpolarity=negative
word1=futilely priorpolarity=negative
word1=futility priorpolarity=negative
word1=fuzzy priorpolarity=negative
word1=gabble priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaff priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaffe priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaiety priorpolarity=positive
word1=gaily priorpolarity=positive
word1=gain priorpolarity=positive
word1=gain priorpolarity=positive
word1=gainful priorpolarity=positive
word1=gainfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=gainsay priorpolarity=negative
word1=gainsayer priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaga priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=gall priorpolarity=negative
word1=gallant priorpolarity=positive
word1=gallantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=galling priorpolarity=negative
word1=gallingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=galore priorpolarity=positive
word1=galvanize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=gamble priorpolarity=negative
word1=gamble priorpolarity=negative
word1=game priorpolarity=negative
word1=gape priorpolarity=negative
word1=garbage priorpolarity=negative
word1=garbage priorpolarity=negative
word1=garish priorpolarity=negative
word1=gasp priorpolarity=negative
word1=gasp priorpolarity=negative
word1=gauche priorpolarity=negative
word1=gaudy priorpolarity=negative
word1=gawk priorpolarity=negative
word1=gawky priorpolarity=negative
word1=geezer priorpolarity=negative
word1=gem priorpolarity=positive
word1=gem priorpolarity=positive
word1=gems priorpolarity=positive
word1=gems priorpolarity=positive
word1=generosity priorpolarity=positive
word1=generous priorpolarity=positive
word1=generously priorpolarity=positive
word1=genial priorpolarity=positive
word1=genius priorpolarity=positive
word1=genocide priorpolarity=negative
word1=genocide priorpolarity=negative
word1=gentle priorpolarity=positive
word1=genuine priorpolarity=positive
word1=germane priorpolarity=positive
word1=gestures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=gestures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=get-rich priorpolarity=negative
word1=get-rich priorpolarity=negative
word1=ghastly priorpolarity=negative
word1=ghetto priorpolarity=negative
word1=giant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=giant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=giants priorpolarity=neutral
word1=giants priorpolarity=neutral
word1=gibber priorpolarity=negative
word1=gibberish priorpolarity=negative
word1=gibe priorpolarity=negative
word1=giddy priorpolarity=positive
word1=gifted priorpolarity=positive
word1=gigantic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=glad priorpolarity=positive
word1=gladden priorpolarity=positive
word1=gladly priorpolarity=positive
word1=gladness priorpolarity=positive
word1=glamorous priorpolarity=positive
word1=glare priorpolarity=negative
word1=glare priorpolarity=negative
word1=glaring priorpolarity=negative
word1=glaringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=glean priorpolarity=neutral
word1=glee priorpolarity=positive
word1=gleeful priorpolarity=positive
word1=gleefully priorpolarity=positive
word1=glib priorpolarity=negative
word1=glibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word1=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word1=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word1=glimmering priorpolarity=positive
word1=glisten priorpolarity=positive
word1=glisten priorpolarity=positive
word1=glistening priorpolarity=positive
word1=glitch priorpolarity=negative
word1=glitter priorpolarity=positive
word1=glitter priorpolarity=positive
word1=gloat priorpolarity=both
word1=gloatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=gloom priorpolarity=negative
word1=gloomy priorpolarity=negative
word1=glorify priorpolarity=positive
word1=glorious priorpolarity=positive
word1=gloriously priorpolarity=positive
word1=glory priorpolarity=positive
word1=glory priorpolarity=positive
word1=gloss priorpolarity=negative
word1=glossy priorpolarity=positive
word1=glow priorpolarity=positive
word1=glower priorpolarity=negative
word1=glowing priorpolarity=positive
word1=glowingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=glum priorpolarity=negative
word1=glut priorpolarity=negative
word1=gnawing priorpolarity=negative
word1=go-ahead priorpolarity=positive
word1=go-ahead priorpolarity=positive
word1=goad priorpolarity=negative
word1=goading priorpolarity=negative
word1=god-awful priorpolarity=negative
word1=god-given priorpolarity=positive
word1=goddam priorpolarity=negative
word1=goddamn priorpolarity=negative
word1=godlike priorpolarity=positive
word1=gold priorpolarity=positive
word1=golden priorpolarity=positive
word1=good priorpolarity=positive
word1=goodly priorpolarity=positive
word1=goodness priorpolarity=positive
word1=goodwill priorpolarity=positive
word1=goodwill priorpolarity=positive
word1=goof priorpolarity=negative
word1=goof priorpolarity=negative
word1=gorgeous priorpolarity=positive
word1=gorgeously priorpolarity=positive
word1=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word1=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word1=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word1=grace priorpolarity=positive
word1=graceful priorpolarity=positive
word1=gracefully priorpolarity=positive
word1=graceless priorpolarity=negative
word1=gracelessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=gracious priorpolarity=positive
word1=graciously priorpolarity=positive
word1=graciousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=graft priorpolarity=negative
word1=grail priorpolarity=positive
word1=grail priorpolarity=positive
word1=grand priorpolarity=positive
word1=grandeur priorpolarity=positive
word1=grandiose priorpolarity=negative
word1=grapple priorpolarity=negative
word1=grate priorpolarity=negative
word1=grateful priorpolarity=positive
word1=grateful priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratefully priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratification priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratify priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratifying priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratifyingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=grating priorpolarity=negative
word1=gratitude priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratitude priorpolarity=positive
word1=gratuitous priorpolarity=negative
word1=gratuitous priorpolarity=negative
word1=gratuitously priorpolarity=negative
word1=grave priorpolarity=negative
word1=gravely priorpolarity=negative
word1=great priorpolarity=positive
word1=greatest priorpolarity=positive
word1=greatly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=greatness priorpolarity=positive
word1=greed priorpolarity=negative
word1=greedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=greet priorpolarity=positive
word1=grief priorpolarity=negative
word1=grievance priorpolarity=negative
word1=grievances priorpolarity=negative
word1=grievances priorpolarity=negative
word1=grieve priorpolarity=negative
word1=grieving priorpolarity=negative
word1=grievous priorpolarity=negative
word1=grievously priorpolarity=negative
word1=grill priorpolarity=negative
word1=grim priorpolarity=negative
word1=grimace priorpolarity=negative
word1=grin priorpolarity=positive
word1=grind priorpolarity=negative
word1=grind priorpolarity=negative
word1=gripe priorpolarity=negative
word1=gripe priorpolarity=negative
word1=grisly priorpolarity=negative
word1=grit priorpolarity=positive
word1=grit priorpolarity=positive
word1=gritty priorpolarity=negative
word1=groove priorpolarity=positive
word1=gross priorpolarity=negative
word1=grossly priorpolarity=negative
word1=grotesque priorpolarity=negative
word1=grouch priorpolarity=negative
word1=grouchy priorpolarity=negative
word1=groundbreaking priorpolarity=positive
word1=groundbreaking priorpolarity=positive
word1=groundless priorpolarity=negative
word1=grouse priorpolarity=negative
word1=growing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=growl priorpolarity=negative
word1=grudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=grudges priorpolarity=negative
word1=grudges priorpolarity=negative
word1=grudging priorpolarity=negative
word1=grudgingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=gruesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=gruesomely priorpolarity=negative
word1=gruff priorpolarity=negative
word1=grumble priorpolarity=negative
word1=guarantee priorpolarity=positive
word1=guarantee priorpolarity=positive
word1=guardian priorpolarity=positive
word1=guidance priorpolarity=positive
word1=guidance priorpolarity=positive
word1=guile priorpolarity=negative
word1=guilt priorpolarity=negative
word1=guiltless priorpolarity=positive
word1=guilty priorpolarity=negative
word1=guiltily priorpolarity=negative
word1=gullible priorpolarity=negative
word1=gush priorpolarity=positive
word1=gumption priorpolarity=positive
word1=gusto priorpolarity=positive
word1=gutsy priorpolarity=positive
word1=haggard priorpolarity=negative
word1=haggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=hail priorpolarity=positive
word1=halcyon priorpolarity=positive
word1=hale priorpolarity=positive
word1=halfhearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=halfheartedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=halfway priorpolarity=neutral
word1=halfway priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hallowed priorpolarity=positive
word1=hallucinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=hallucination priorpolarity=negative
word1=halt priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hamper priorpolarity=negative
word1=hamstring priorpolarity=negative
word1=hamstrung priorpolarity=negative
word1=handicapped priorpolarity=negative
word1=handily priorpolarity=positive
word1=handsome priorpolarity=positive
word1=handy priorpolarity=positive
word1=hanker priorpolarity=positive
word1=hapless priorpolarity=negative
word1=haphazard priorpolarity=negative
word1=happily priorpolarity=positive
word1=happiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=happy priorpolarity=positive
word1=harangue priorpolarity=negative
word1=harass priorpolarity=negative
word1=harassment priorpolarity=negative
word1=harassment priorpolarity=negative
word1=harboring priorpolarity=negative
word1=harboring priorpolarity=negative
word1=harbors priorpolarity=negative
word1=harbors priorpolarity=negative
word1=hard priorpolarity=negative
word1=hard-hit priorpolarity=negative
word1=hard-line priorpolarity=negative
word1=hard-liner priorpolarity=negative
word1=hard-working priorpolarity=positive
word1=hardball priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardball priorpolarity=negative
word1=harden priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardened priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardheaded priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardhearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardier priorpolarity=positive
word1=hardier priorpolarity=positive
word1=hardliner priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardliners priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardliners priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardly priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardship priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardships priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardships priorpolarity=negative
word1=hardy priorpolarity=positive
word1=harm priorpolarity=negative
word1=harm priorpolarity=negative
word1=harmful priorpolarity=negative
word1=harmless priorpolarity=positive
word1=harmonious priorpolarity=positive
word1=harmoniously priorpolarity=positive
word1=harmonize priorpolarity=positive
word1=harmony priorpolarity=positive
word1=harmony priorpolarity=positive
word1=harms priorpolarity=negative
word1=harms priorpolarity=negative
word1=harpy priorpolarity=negative
word1=harridan priorpolarity=negative
word1=harried priorpolarity=negative
word1=harrow priorpolarity=negative
word1=harsh priorpolarity=negative
word1=harshly priorpolarity=negative
word1=hassle priorpolarity=negative
word1=haste priorpolarity=negative
word1=haste priorpolarity=negative
word1=hasty priorpolarity=negative
word1=hasty priorpolarity=negative
word1=hate priorpolarity=negative
word1=hater priorpolarity=negative
word1=hateful priorpolarity=negative
word1=hatefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=hatefulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=haughtily priorpolarity=negative
word1=haughty priorpolarity=negative
word1=hatred priorpolarity=negative
word1=haunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=haunting priorpolarity=negative
word1=haven priorpolarity=positive
word1=havoc priorpolarity=negative
word1=hawkish priorpolarity=negative
word1=hawkish priorpolarity=negative
word1=hazard priorpolarity=negative
word1=hazard priorpolarity=negative
word1=hazardous priorpolarity=negative
word1=hazy priorpolarity=negative
word1=headache priorpolarity=negative
word1=headaches priorpolarity=negative
word1=headaches priorpolarity=negative
word1=headway priorpolarity=positive
word1=heady priorpolarity=positive
word1=heal priorpolarity=positive
word1=healthful priorpolarity=positive
word1=healthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=healthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=heart priorpolarity=positive
word1=heartbreak priorpolarity=negative
word1=heartbreaker priorpolarity=negative
word1=heartbreaking priorpolarity=negative
word1=heartbreakingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=hearten priorpolarity=positive
word1=heartening priorpolarity=positive
word1=heartfelt priorpolarity=positive
word1=heartily priorpolarity=positive
word1=heartless priorpolarity=negative
word1=heartrending priorpolarity=negative
word1=heartwarming priorpolarity=positive
word1=heathen priorpolarity=negative
word1=heathen priorpolarity=negative
word1=heaven priorpolarity=positive
word1=heavenly priorpolarity=positive
word1=heavily priorpolarity=negative
word1=heavy-duty priorpolarity=neutral
word1=heavy-handed priorpolarity=negative
word1=heavyhearted priorpolarity=negative
word1=heck priorpolarity=negative
word1=heck priorpolarity=negative
word1=heckle priorpolarity=negative
word1=hectic priorpolarity=negative
word1=hedge priorpolarity=negative
word1=hedonistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=heedless priorpolarity=negative
word1=hefty priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hegemonism priorpolarity=negative
word1=hegemonism priorpolarity=negative
word1=hegemonistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word1=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word1=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word1=heinous priorpolarity=negative
word1=hell priorpolarity=negative
word1=hell-bent priorpolarity=negative
word1=hellion priorpolarity=negative
word1=help priorpolarity=positive
word1=help priorpolarity=positive
word1=help priorpolarity=positive
word1=helpful priorpolarity=positive
word1=helpless priorpolarity=negative
word1=helplessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=helplessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=herald priorpolarity=positive
word1=heresy priorpolarity=negative
word1=heretic priorpolarity=negative
word1=heretical priorpolarity=negative
word1=hero priorpolarity=positive
word1=heroic priorpolarity=positive
word1=heroic priorpolarity=positive
word1=heroically priorpolarity=positive
word1=heroine priorpolarity=positive
word1=heroize priorpolarity=positive
word1=heros priorpolarity=positive
word1=hesitant priorpolarity=negative
word1=hideous priorpolarity=negative
word1=hideously priorpolarity=negative
word1=hideousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=high priorpolarity=neutral
word1=high-powered priorpolarity=neutral
word1=high-quality priorpolarity=positive
word1=highlight priorpolarity=positive
word1=highlight priorpolarity=positive
word1=hilarious priorpolarity=positive
word1=hilariously priorpolarity=positive
word1=hilariousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=hilarity priorpolarity=positive
word1=hinder priorpolarity=negative
word1=hindrance priorpolarity=negative
word1=historic priorpolarity=positive
word1=hm priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hmm priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hoard priorpolarity=negative
word1=hoax priorpolarity=negative
word1=hobble priorpolarity=negative
word1=hole priorpolarity=negative
word1=hollow priorpolarity=negative
word1=holy priorpolarity=positive
word1=homage priorpolarity=positive
word1=honest priorpolarity=positive
word1=honest priorpolarity=positive
word1=honestly priorpolarity=positive
word1=honesty priorpolarity=positive
word1=honesty priorpolarity=positive
word1=honeymoon priorpolarity=positive
word1=honor priorpolarity=positive
word1=honor priorpolarity=positive
word1=honor priorpolarity=positive
word1=honorable priorpolarity=positive
word1=hoodwink priorpolarity=negative
word1=hope priorpolarity=positive
word1=hope priorpolarity=positive
word1=hope priorpolarity=positive
word1=hopeful priorpolarity=positive
word1=hopefully priorpolarity=positive
word1=hopefulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=hopeless priorpolarity=negative
word1=hopelessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=hopelessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=hopes priorpolarity=positive
word1=hopes priorpolarity=positive
word1=horde priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrendous priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrendously priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrible priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrible priorpolarity=negative
word1=horribly priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrid priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrific priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrifically priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrify priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrify priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrifying priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrifyingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=horror priorpolarity=negative
word1=horrors priorpolarity=negative
word1=hospitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=hostage priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostile priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostile priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostilities priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostilities priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostility priorpolarity=negative
word1=hostility priorpolarity=negative
word1=hot priorpolarity=positive
word1=hothead priorpolarity=negative
word1=hotheaded priorpolarity=negative
word1=hotbeds priorpolarity=negative
word1=hotbeds priorpolarity=negative
word1=hothouse priorpolarity=negative
word1=hothouse priorpolarity=negative
word1=however priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hubris priorpolarity=negative
word1=huckster priorpolarity=negative
word1=hug priorpolarity=positive
word1=hug priorpolarity=positive
word1=huge priorpolarity=neutral
word1=humane priorpolarity=positive
word1=humane priorpolarity=positive
word1=humanists priorpolarity=positive
word1=humanists priorpolarity=positive
word1=humanity priorpolarity=positive
word1=humankind priorpolarity=positive
word1=humble priorpolarity=positive
word1=humbling priorpolarity=negative
word1=humiliate priorpolarity=negative
word1=humiliating priorpolarity=negative
word1=humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word1=humility priorpolarity=positive
word1=humor priorpolarity=positive
word1=humorous priorpolarity=positive
word1=humorously priorpolarity=positive
word1=humour priorpolarity=positive
word1=humour priorpolarity=positive
word1=humourous priorpolarity=positive
word1=hunger priorpolarity=negative
word1=hungry priorpolarity=negative
word1=hurt priorpolarity=negative
word1=hurt priorpolarity=negative
word1=hurtful priorpolarity=negative
word1=hustler priorpolarity=negative
word1=hypnotize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=hypocrisy priorpolarity=negative
word1=hypocrite priorpolarity=negative
word1=hypocrites priorpolarity=negative
word1=hypocritical priorpolarity=negative
word1=hypocritically priorpolarity=negative
word1=hysteria priorpolarity=negative
word1=hysteric priorpolarity=negative
word1=hysterical priorpolarity=negative
word1=hysterically priorpolarity=negative
word1=hysterics priorpolarity=negative
word1=icy priorpolarity=negative
word1=idea priorpolarity=neutral
word1=idea priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ideal priorpolarity=positive
word1=ideal priorpolarity=positive
word1=idealism priorpolarity=positive
word1=idealist priorpolarity=positive
word1=idealize priorpolarity=positive
word1=ideally priorpolarity=positive
word1=idiocies priorpolarity=negative
word1=idiocy priorpolarity=negative
word1=idiot priorpolarity=negative
word1=idiotic priorpolarity=negative
word1=idiotically priorpolarity=negative
word1=idiots priorpolarity=negative
word1=idle priorpolarity=negative
word1=idol priorpolarity=positive
word1=idol priorpolarity=positive
word1=idolize priorpolarity=positive
word1=idolized priorpolarity=positive
word1=idyllic priorpolarity=positive
word1=ignite priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ignoble priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignominious priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignominiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignominy priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignore priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignorance priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignorance priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignorant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ignorant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-advised priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-conceived priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-fated priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-favored priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-mannered priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-natured priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-sorted priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-tempered priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-treated priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-treatment priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-treatment priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-usage priorpolarity=negative
word1=ill-used priorpolarity=negative
word1=illegal priorpolarity=negative
word1=illegally priorpolarity=negative
word1=illegitimate priorpolarity=negative
word1=illicit priorpolarity=negative
word1=illiquid priorpolarity=negative
word1=illiterate priorpolarity=negative
word1=illness priorpolarity=negative
word1=illogic priorpolarity=negative
word1=illogical priorpolarity=negative
word1=illogically priorpolarity=negative
word1=illuminate priorpolarity=positive
word1=illuminati priorpolarity=positive
word1=illuminati priorpolarity=positive
word1=illuminating priorpolarity=positive
word1=illumine priorpolarity=positive
word1=illusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=illusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=illusions priorpolarity=negative
word1=illusions priorpolarity=negative
word1=illusory priorpolarity=negative
word1=illustrious priorpolarity=positive
word1=imaginary priorpolarity=negative
word1=imagination priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imagination priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imaginative priorpolarity=positive
word1=imagine priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imbalance priorpolarity=negative
word1=imbalance priorpolarity=negative
word1=imbecile priorpolarity=negative
word1=imbroglio priorpolarity=negative
word1=immaculate priorpolarity=positive
word1=immaculately priorpolarity=positive
word1=immaterial priorpolarity=negative
word1=immature priorpolarity=negative
word1=immediate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=immediately priorpolarity=neutral
word1=immense priorpolarity=neutral
word1=immensely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=immensity priorpolarity=neutral
word1=immensurable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imminence priorpolarity=negative
word1=imminent priorpolarity=negative
word1=imminently priorpolarity=negative
word1=immobilized priorpolarity=negative
word1=immoderate priorpolarity=negative
word1=immoderately priorpolarity=negative
word1=immodest priorpolarity=negative
word1=immoral priorpolarity=negative
word1=immorality priorpolarity=negative
word1=immorally priorpolarity=negative
word1=immovable priorpolarity=negative
word1=immune priorpolarity=neutral
word1=impair priorpolarity=negative
word1=impaired priorpolarity=negative
word1=impartial priorpolarity=positive
word1=impartiality priorpolarity=positive
word1=impartially priorpolarity=positive
word1=impasse priorpolarity=negative
word1=impassioned priorpolarity=positive
word1=impassive polarity=negative
word1=impatience priorpolarity=negative
word1=impatient priorpolarity=negative
word1=impatiently priorpolarity=negative
word1=impeach priorpolarity=negative
word1=impeccable priorpolarity=positive
word1=impeccably priorpolarity=positive
word1=impede priorpolarity=negative
word1=impedance priorpolarity=negative
word1=impediment priorpolarity=negative
word1=impel priorpolarity=positive
word1=impending priorpolarity=negative
word1=impending priorpolarity=negative
word1=impenitent priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperative priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imperatively priorpolarity=neutral
word1=imperfect priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperfectly priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperial priorpolarity=positive
word1=imperialist priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperil priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperious priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=impermissible priorpolarity=negative
word1=impersonal priorpolarity=negative
word1=impertinent priorpolarity=negative
word1=imperturbable priorpolarity=positive
word1=impervious priorpolarity=positive
word1=impetuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=impetuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=impetus priorpolarity=positive
word1=impiety priorpolarity=negative
word1=impinge priorpolarity=negative
word1=impious priorpolarity=negative
word1=implacable priorpolarity=negative
word1=implausible priorpolarity=negative
word1=implausibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=implicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=implication priorpolarity=negative
word1=implication priorpolarity=negative
word1=implicit priorpolarity=neutral
word1=implode priorpolarity=negative
word1=implore priorpolarity=both
word1=imploring priorpolarity=both
word1=imploringly priorpolarity=both
word1=imply priorpolarity=neutral
word1=impolite priorpolarity=negative
word1=impolitely priorpolarity=negative
word1=impolitic priorpolarity=negative
word1=importance priorpolarity=positive
word1=important priorpolarity=positive
word1=importantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=importunate priorpolarity=negative
word1=importune priorpolarity=negative
word1=impose priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposers priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposers priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposing priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposing priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposition priorpolarity=negative
word1=imposition priorpolarity=negative
word1=impossible priorpolarity=negative
word1=impossiblity priorpolarity=negative
word1=impossibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=impotent priorpolarity=negative
word1=impotent priorpolarity=negative
word1=impoverish priorpolarity=negative
word1=impoverished priorpolarity=negative
word1=impractical priorpolarity=negative
word1=impractical priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprecate priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprecise priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprecisely priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprecision priorpolarity=negative
word1=impregnable priorpolarity=positive
word1=impress priorpolarity=positive
word1=impression priorpolarity=positive
word1=impression priorpolarity=positive
word1=impressions priorpolarity=positive
word1=impressions priorpolarity=positive
word1=impressive priorpolarity=positive
word1=impressively priorpolarity=positive
word1=impressiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=imprison priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprisonment priorpolarity=negative
word1=improbability priorpolarity=negative
word1=improbable priorpolarity=negative
word1=improbably priorpolarity=negative
word1=improper priorpolarity=negative
word1=improperly priorpolarity=negative
word1=impropriety priorpolarity=negative
word1=improving priorpolarity=positive
word1=improve priorpolarity=positive
word1=improved priorpolarity=positive
word1=improvement priorpolarity=positive
word1=improvise priorpolarity=positive
word1=imprudence priorpolarity=negative
word1=imprudent priorpolarity=negative
word1=impudence priorpolarity=negative
word1=impudent priorpolarity=negative
word1=impudently priorpolarity=negative
word1=impugn priorpolarity=negative
word1=impulsive priorpolarity=negative
word1=impulsively priorpolarity=negative
word1=impunity priorpolarity=negative
word1=impunity priorpolarity=negative
word1=impure priorpolarity=negative
word1=impurity priorpolarity=negative
word1=inability priorpolarity=negative
word1=inability priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaccessible priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaccuracy priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaccuracies priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaccurate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaccurately priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaction priorpolarity=negative
word1=inactive priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadequacy priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadequate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadequately priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadverent priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadverently priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadvisable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inadvisably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inalienable priorpolarity=positive
word1=inane priorpolarity=negative
word1=inanely priorpolarity=negative
word1=inappropriate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inappropriately priorpolarity=negative
word1=inapt priorpolarity=negative
word1=inaptitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=inarguable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inarguably priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inarticulate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inattentive priorpolarity=negative
word1=incapable priorpolarity=negative
word1=incapably priorpolarity=negative
word1=incautious priorpolarity=negative
word1=incendiary priorpolarity=negative
word1=incense priorpolarity=negative
word1=incessant priorpolarity=negative
word1=incessantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=incisive priorpolarity=positive
word1=incisively priorpolarity=positive
word1=incisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=incite priorpolarity=negative
word1=incitement priorpolarity=negative
word1=incitement priorpolarity=negative
word1=incivility priorpolarity=negative
word1=inclement priorpolarity=negative
word1=inclination priorpolarity=positive
word1=inclination priorpolarity=positive
word1=inclinations priorpolarity=positive
word1=inclined priorpolarity=positive
word1=inclusive priorpolarity=positive
word1=incognizant priorpolarity=negative
word1=incoherence priorpolarity=negative
word1=incoherent priorpolarity=negative
word1=incoherently priorpolarity=negative
word1=incommensurate priorpolarity=negative
word1=incomparable priorpolarity=negative
word1=incomparably priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompatibility priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompatible priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompatible priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompetence priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompetent priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompetently priorpolarity=negative
word1=incomplete priorpolarity=negative
word1=incompliant priorpolarity=negative
word1=incomprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=incomprehension priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconceivable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconceivably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconclusive priorpolarity=negative
word1=incongruous priorpolarity=negative
word1=incongruously priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsequent priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsequently priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsequential priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsequentially priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsiderate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsiderately priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsistence priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsistencies priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsistencies priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsistency priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsistent priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsolable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconsolably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconstant priorpolarity=negative
word1=incontestable priorpolarity=positive
word1=incontrovertible priorpolarity=positive
word1=inconvenience priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconvenience priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconvenient priorpolarity=negative
word1=inconveniently priorpolarity=negative
word1=incorrect priorpolarity=negative
word1=incorrectly priorpolarity=negative
word1=incorrigible priorpolarity=negative
word1=incorrigibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=incorruptible priorpolarity=positive
word1=increasing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=increasingly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=incredible priorpolarity=positive
word1=incredibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=incredulous priorpolarity=negative
word1=incredulously priorpolarity=negative
word1=inculcate priorpolarity=negative
word1=indebted priorpolarity=positive
word1=indecency priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecent priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecently priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecision priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecisive priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecisively priorpolarity=negative
word1=indecorum priorpolarity=negative
word1=indeed priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indefatigable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indefensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=indefensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=indefinite priorpolarity=negative
word1=indefinitely priorpolarity=negative
word1=indelible priorpolarity=positive
word1=indelibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=indelicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=independence priorpolarity=positive
word1=independence priorpolarity=positive
word1=independent priorpolarity=positive
word1=indescribable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indescribably priorpolarity=positive
word1=indestructible priorpolarity=positive
word1=indeterminable priorpolarity=negative
word1=indeterminably priorpolarity=negative
word1=indeterminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=indication priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indication priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indicative priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indicative priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indifference priorpolarity=negative
word1=indifferent priorpolarity=negative
word1=indigent priorpolarity=negative
word1=indignant priorpolarity=negative
word1=indignantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=indignation priorpolarity=negative
word1=indignity priorpolarity=negative
word1=indignity priorpolarity=negative
word1=indirect priorpolarity=neutral
word1=indiscernible priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscreet priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscreet priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscreetly priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscretion priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscriminate priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscriminating priorpolarity=negative
word1=indiscriminately priorpolarity=negative
word1=indispensable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indispensability priorpolarity=positive
word1=indisposed priorpolarity=negative
word1=indisputable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indistinct priorpolarity=negative
word1=indistinctive priorpolarity=negative
word1=individuality priorpolarity=positive
word1=indoctrinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=indoctrination priorpolarity=negative
word1=indoctrination priorpolarity=negative
word1=indolent priorpolarity=negative
word1=indomitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indomitably priorpolarity=positive
word1=indubitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=indubitably priorpolarity=positive
word1=indulge priorpolarity=negative
word1=indulgence priorpolarity=positive
word1=indulgent priorpolarity=positive
word1=industrious priorpolarity=positive
word1=ineffective priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineffectively priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineffectiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineffectual priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineffectually priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineffectualness priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficacy priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficiency priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficient priorpolarity=negative
word1=inefficiently priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineligible priorpolarity=negative
word1=inelegance priorpolarity=negative
word1=inelegant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineloquent priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineloquently priorpolarity=negative
word1=inept priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineptitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineptitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=ineptly priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequalities priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequalities priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequality priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequality priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequitably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequities priorpolarity=negative
word1=inequities priorpolarity=negative
word1=inertia priorpolarity=negative
word1=inertia priorpolarity=negative
word1=inescapable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inescapably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inessential priorpolarity=negative
word1=inestimable priorpolarity=positive
word1=inestimably priorpolarity=positive
word1=inevitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inevitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inevitably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexact priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexcusable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexcusably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexorable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexorably priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexpensive priorpolarity=positive
word1=inexperience priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexperienced priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexpert priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexpertly priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexpiable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexplainable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inexplicable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inextricable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inextricably priorpolarity=negative
word1=infallible priorpolarity=positive
word1=infallibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=infallibility priorpolarity=positive
word1=infamous priorpolarity=negative
word1=infamously priorpolarity=negative
word1=infamy priorpolarity=negative
word1=infatuated priorpolarity=both
word1=infected priorpolarity=negative
word1=infectious priorpolarity=neutral
word1=infer priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inference priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inference priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inferior priorpolarity=negative
word1=inferiority priorpolarity=negative
word1=infernal priorpolarity=negative
word1=infest priorpolarity=negative
word1=infested priorpolarity=negative
word1=infidel priorpolarity=negative
word1=infidels priorpolarity=negative
word1=infiltrator priorpolarity=negative
word1=infiltrators priorpolarity=negative
word1=infiltrators priorpolarity=negative
word1=infirm priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflame priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflammatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflated priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflationary priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflexible priorpolarity=negative
word1=inflict priorpolarity=negative
word1=influence priorpolarity=neutral
word1=influence priorpolarity=neutral
word1=influential priorpolarity=positive
word1=informational priorpolarity=neutral
word1=informative priorpolarity=positive
word1=infraction priorpolarity=negative
word1=infringe priorpolarity=negative
word1=infringement priorpolarity=negative
word1=infringements priorpolarity=negative
word1=infringements priorpolarity=negative
word1=infuriate priorpolarity=negative
word1=infuriated priorpolarity=negative
word1=infuriating priorpolarity=negative
word1=infuriatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=ingenious priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingeniously priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingenuity priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingenuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingenuously priorpolarity=positive
word1=inglorious priorpolarity=negative
word1=ingrate priorpolarity=negative
word1=ingratiate priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingratiating priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingratiatingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=ingratitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=inherent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inherent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inhibit priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhibition priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhospitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhospitality priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhuman priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhumane priorpolarity=negative
word1=inhumanity priorpolarity=negative
word1=inimical priorpolarity=negative
word1=inimically priorpolarity=negative
word1=iniquitous priorpolarity=negative
word1=iniquity priorpolarity=negative
word1=injudicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=injure priorpolarity=negative
word1=injurious priorpolarity=negative
word1=injury priorpolarity=negative
word1=injustice priorpolarity=negative
word1=injustice priorpolarity=negative
word1=injustices priorpolarity=negative
word1=injustices priorpolarity=negative
word1=inkling priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inklings priorpolarity=neutral
word1=inklings priorpolarity=neutral
word1=innocence priorpolarity=positive
word1=innocence priorpolarity=positive
word1=innocent priorpolarity=positive
word1=innocently priorpolarity=positive
word1=innocuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=innocuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=innovation priorpolarity=positive
word1=innovation priorpolarity=positive
word1=innovative priorpolarity=positive
word1=innumerable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=innumerably priorpolarity=neutral
word1=innumerous priorpolarity=neutral
word1=innuendo priorpolarity=negative
word1=innuendo priorpolarity=negative
word1=inoffensive priorpolarity=positive
word1=inopportune priorpolarity=negative
word1=inordinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inordinately priorpolarity=negative
word1=inquisitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=insane priorpolarity=negative
word1=insanely priorpolarity=negative
word1=insanity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insatiable priorpolarity=negative
word1=insecure priorpolarity=negative
word1=insecurity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insecurity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=insensitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=insensitively priorpolarity=negative
word1=insensitivity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insensitivity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insidious priorpolarity=negative
word1=insidiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=insight priorpolarity=positive
word1=insight priorpolarity=positive
word1=insightful priorpolarity=positive
word1=insightfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=insights priorpolarity=neutral
word1=insignificance priorpolarity=negative
word1=insignificant priorpolarity=negative
word1=insignificantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=insincere priorpolarity=negative
word1=insincerely priorpolarity=negative
word1=insincerity priorpolarity=negative
word1=insinuate priorpolarity=negative
word1=insinuating priorpolarity=negative
word1=insinuation priorpolarity=negative
word1=insinuation priorpolarity=negative
word1=insist priorpolarity=positive
word1=insistence priorpolarity=positive
word1=insistence priorpolarity=positive
word1=insistent priorpolarity=positive
word1=insistently priorpolarity=positive
word1=insociable priorpolarity=negative
word1=isolation priorpolarity=negative
word1=insolence priorpolarity=negative
word1=insolence priorpolarity=negative
word1=insolent priorpolarity=negative
word1=insolently priorpolarity=negative
word1=insolvent priorpolarity=negative
word1=insouciance priorpolarity=negative
word1=inspiration priorpolarity=positive
word1=inspirational priorpolarity=positive
word1=inspire priorpolarity=positive
word1=inspiring priorpolarity=positive
word1=inspiring priorpolarity=positive
word1=instability priorpolarity=negative
word1=instable priorpolarity=negative
word1=instigate priorpolarity=negative
word1=instigator priorpolarity=negative
word1=instigators priorpolarity=negative
word1=instructive priorpolarity=positive
word1=instrumental priorpolarity=positive
word1=insubordinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=insubstantial priorpolarity=negative
word1=insubstantially priorpolarity=negative
word1=insufferable priorpolarity=negative
word1=insufferably priorpolarity=negative
word1=insufficiency priorpolarity=negative
word1=insufficient priorpolarity=negative
word1=insufficiently priorpolarity=negative
word1=insular priorpolarity=negative
word1=insult priorpolarity=negative
word1=insult priorpolarity=negative
word1=insulted priorpolarity=negative
word1=insulting priorpolarity=negative
word1=insulting priorpolarity=negative
word1=insultingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=insupportable priorpolarity=negative
word1=insupportably priorpolarity=negative
word1=insurmountable priorpolarity=negative
word1=insurmountably priorpolarity=negative
word1=insurrection priorpolarity=negative
word1=insurrection priorpolarity=negative
word1=intact priorpolarity=positive
word1=integral priorpolarity=positive
word1=integrity priorpolarity=positive
word1=intelligent priorpolarity=positive
word1=intelligence priorpolarity=positive
word1=intelligible priorpolarity=positive
word1=intend priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intense priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intense priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intensive priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intensively priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intention priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intention priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intentions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intentions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intents priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intents priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intercede priorpolarity=positive
word1=interest priorpolarity=positive
word1=interest priorpolarity=positive
word1=interest priorpolarity=positive
word1=interested priorpolarity=positive
word1=interesting priorpolarity=positive
word1=interests priorpolarity=positive
word1=interests priorpolarity=positive
word1=interfere priorpolarity=negative
word1=interference priorpolarity=negative
word1=interference priorpolarity=negative
word1=intermittent priorpolarity=negative
word1=interrupt priorpolarity=negative
word1=interruption priorpolarity=negative
word1=intimacy priorpolarity=positive
word1=intimacy priorpolarity=positive
word1=intimate priorpolarity=positive
word1=intimate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intimidate priorpolarity=negative
word1=intimidating priorpolarity=negative
word1=intimidatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=intimidation priorpolarity=negative
word1=intimidation priorpolarity=negative
word1=intolerable priorpolarity=negative
word1=intolerablely priorpolarity=negative
word1=intolerance priorpolarity=negative
word1=intolerance priorpolarity=negative
word1=intolerant priorpolarity=negative
word1=intoxicate priorpolarity=negative
word1=intractable priorpolarity=negative
word1=intransigence priorpolarity=negative
word1=intransigence priorpolarity=negative
word1=intransigent priorpolarity=negative
word1=intricate priorpolarity=positive
word1=intrigue priorpolarity=positive
word1=intrigue priorpolarity=positive
word1=intrigue priorpolarity=neutral
word1=intriguing priorpolarity=positive
word1=intriguing priorpolarity=positive
word1=intriguingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=intrude priorpolarity=negative
word1=intrusion priorpolarity=negative
word1=intrusive priorpolarity=negative
word1=intuitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=inundate priorpolarity=negative
word1=inundated priorpolarity=negative
word1=invader priorpolarity=negative
word1=invader priorpolarity=negative
word1=invalid priorpolarity=negative
word1=invalidate priorpolarity=negative
word1=invalidity priorpolarity=negative
word1=invaluable priorpolarity=positive
word1=invaluablely priorpolarity=positive
word1=invasive priorpolarity=negative
word1=invective priorpolarity=negative
word1=inveigle priorpolarity=negative
word1=inventive priorpolarity=positive
word1=invidious priorpolarity=negative
word1=invidiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=invidiousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=invigorate priorpolarity=positive
word1=invigorating priorpolarity=positive
word1=invincibility priorpolarity=positive
word1=invincible priorpolarity=positive
word1=inviolable priorpolarity=positive
word1=inviolate priorpolarity=positive
word1=invisible priorpolarity=neutral
word1=invulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word1=involuntarily priorpolarity=negative
word1=involuntary priorpolarity=negative
word1=irate priorpolarity=negative
word1=irately priorpolarity=negative
word1=ire priorpolarity=negative
word1=irk priorpolarity=negative
word1=irksome priorpolarity=negative
word1=ironic priorpolarity=negative
word1=ironies priorpolarity=negative
word1=ironies priorpolarity=negative
word1=irony priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrational priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrationality priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrationally priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreconcilable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irredeemable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irredeemably priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreformable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrefutable priorpolarity=positive
word1=irrefutably priorpolarity=positive
word1=irregardless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=irregular priorpolarity=negative
word1=irregularity priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrelevance priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrelevant priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreparable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreplacible priorpolarity=negative
word1=irrepressible priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreproachable priorpolarity=positive
word1=irresistible priorpolarity=positive
word1=irresistibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=irresolute priorpolarity=negative
word1=irresolvable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irresponsible priorpolarity=negative
word1=irresponsibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=irretrievable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreverence priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreverent priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreverently priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreversible priorpolarity=negative
word1=irreversible priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritable priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritably priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritant priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritate priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritated priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritating priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritation priorpolarity=negative
word1=irritation priorpolarity=negative
word1=isolate priorpolarity=negative
word1=isolated priorpolarity=negative
word1=isolation priorpolarity=negative
word1=itch priorpolarity=negative
word1=jabber priorpolarity=negative
word1=jaded priorpolarity=negative
word1=jam priorpolarity=negative
word1=jar priorpolarity=negative
word1=jaundiced priorpolarity=negative
word1=jauntily priorpolarity=positive
word1=jaunty priorpolarity=positive
word1=jealous priorpolarity=negative
word1=jealously priorpolarity=negative
word1=jealousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=jealousy priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeer priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeer priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeering priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeeringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeers priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeopardize priorpolarity=negative
word1=jeopardy priorpolarity=negative
word1=jerk priorpolarity=negative
word1=jest priorpolarity=positive
word1=jittery priorpolarity=negative
word1=jobless priorpolarity=negative
word1=joke priorpolarity=positive
word1=joke priorpolarity=positive
word1=joker priorpolarity=negative
word1=jollify priorpolarity=positive
word1=jolly priorpolarity=positive
word1=jolt priorpolarity=negative
word1=jovial priorpolarity=positive
word1=joy priorpolarity=positive
word1=joyful priorpolarity=positive
word1=joyfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=joyless priorpolarity=positive
word1=joyous priorpolarity=positive
word1=joyously priorpolarity=positive
word1=jubilant priorpolarity=positive
word1=jubilantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=jubilate priorpolarity=positive
word1=jubilation priorpolarity=positive
word1=jubilation priorpolarity=positive
word1=judgement priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgement priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgements priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgements priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judicious priorpolarity=positive
word1=judgment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgment priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgments priorpolarity=neutral
word1=judgments priorpolarity=neutral
word1=jumpy priorpolarity=negative
word1=junk priorpolarity=negative
word1=junky priorpolarity=negative
word1=just priorpolarity=positive
word1=just priorpolarity=positive
word1=just priorpolarity=positive
word1=justice priorpolarity=positive
word1=justice priorpolarity=positive
word1=justifiable priorpolarity=positive
word1=justifiably priorpolarity=positive
word1=justification priorpolarity=positive
word1=justify priorpolarity=positive
word1=justly priorpolarity=positive
word1=juvenile priorpolarity=negative
word1=kaput priorpolarity=negative
word1=keen priorpolarity=positive
word1=keen priorpolarity=negative
word1=keen priorpolarity=negative
word1=keenly priorpolarity=positive
word1=keenness priorpolarity=positive
word1=keenness priorpolarity=positive
word1=kemp priorpolarity=positive
word1=key priorpolarity=neutral
word1=kick priorpolarity=negative
word1=kick priorpolarity=negative
word1=kid priorpolarity=positive
word1=kill priorpolarity=negative
word1=killer priorpolarity=negative
word1=killer priorpolarity=negative
word1=killjoy priorpolarity=negative
word1=kind priorpolarity=positive
word1=kindly priorpolarity=positive
word1=kindliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=kindness priorpolarity=positive
word1=kingmaker priorpolarity=positive
word1=kiss priorpolarity=positive
word1=kiss priorpolarity=positive
word1=knave priorpolarity=negative
word1=knife priorpolarity=negative
word1=knock priorpolarity=negative
word1=knock priorpolarity=negative
word1=knew priorpolarity=neutral
word1=know priorpolarity=neutral
word1=knowing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=knowingly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=knowledge priorpolarity=neutral
word1=knowledgeable priorpolarity=positive
word1=kook priorpolarity=negative
word1=kooky priorpolarity=negative
word1=lack priorpolarity=negative
word1=lack priorpolarity=negative
word1=lackadaisical priorpolarity=negative
word1=lackey priorpolarity=negative
word1=lackeys priorpolarity=negative
word1=lackeys priorpolarity=negative
word1=lacking priorpolarity=negative
word1=lackluster priorpolarity=negative
word1=laconic priorpolarity=negative
word1=lag priorpolarity=negative
word1=lambast priorpolarity=negative
word1=lambaste priorpolarity=negative
word1=lame priorpolarity=negative
word1=lame-duck priorpolarity=negative
word1=lament priorpolarity=negative
word1=lamentable priorpolarity=negative
word1=lamentably priorpolarity=negative
word1=languid priorpolarity=negative
word1=languish priorpolarity=negative
word1=lanky priorpolarity=negative
word1=languor priorpolarity=negative
word1=languorous priorpolarity=negative
word1=languorously priorpolarity=negative
word1=large priorpolarity=neutral
word1=large-scale priorpolarity=neutral
word1=lapse priorpolarity=negative
word1=large priorpolarity=positive
word1=large priorpolarity=positive
word1=largely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=lark priorpolarity=positive
word1=lascivious priorpolarity=negative
word1=last-ditch priorpolarity=negative
word1=last-ditch priorpolarity=negative
word1=lastly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=laud priorpolarity=positive
word1=laudable priorpolarity=positive
word1=laudably priorpolarity=positive
word1=laugh priorpolarity=negative
word1=laugh priorpolarity=negative
word1=laughable priorpolarity=negative
word1=laughably priorpolarity=negative
word1=laughingstock priorpolarity=negative
word1=laughter priorpolarity=negative
word1=lavish priorpolarity=positive
word1=lavish priorpolarity=positive
word1=lavishly priorpolarity=positive
word1=law-abiding priorpolarity=positive
word1=lawbreaker priorpolarity=negative
word1=lawbreaking priorpolarity=negative
word1=lawful priorpolarity=positive
word1=lawfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=lawless priorpolarity=negative
word1=lawlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=lawlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=lax priorpolarity=negative
word1=lax priorpolarity=negative
word1=lazy priorpolarity=negative
word1=leading priorpolarity=positive
word1=leak priorpolarity=negative
word1=leakage priorpolarity=negative
word1=leaky priorpolarity=negative
word1=lean priorpolarity=positive
word1=lean priorpolarity=positive
word1=learn priorpolarity=neutral
word1=learning priorpolarity=positive
word1=learned priorpolarity=positive
word1=least priorpolarity=negative
word1=lech priorpolarity=negative
word1=lecher priorpolarity=negative
word1=lecher priorpolarity=negative
word1=lecherous priorpolarity=negative
word1=lechery priorpolarity=negative
word1=lecture priorpolarity=negative
word1=lecture priorpolarity=negative
word1=leech priorpolarity=negative
word1=leech priorpolarity=negative
word1=leech priorpolarity=negative
word1=leer priorpolarity=negative
word1=leer priorpolarity=negative
word1=leery priorpolarity=negative
word1=left-leaning priorpolarity=negative
word1=legacy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=legacies priorpolarity=neutral
word1=legacies priorpolarity=neutral
word1=legalistic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=legalistic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=legendary priorpolarity=positive
word1=legitimacy priorpolarity=positive
word1=legitimate priorpolarity=positive
word1=legitimately priorpolarity=positive
word1=lenient priorpolarity=positive
word1=leniently priorpolarity=positive
word1=less priorpolarity=negative
word1=less-developed priorpolarity=negative
word1=less-expensive priorpolarity=positive
word1=lessen priorpolarity=negative
word1=lesser priorpolarity=negative
word1=lesser-known priorpolarity=negative
word1=letch priorpolarity=negative
word1=lethal priorpolarity=negative
word1=lethargic priorpolarity=negative
word1=lethargy priorpolarity=negative
word1=leverage priorpolarity=positive
word1=leverage priorpolarity=positive
word1=levity priorpolarity=positive
word1=lewd priorpolarity=negative
word1=lewdly priorpolarity=negative
word1=lewdness priorpolarity=negative
word1=liable priorpolarity=negative
word1=liability priorpolarity=negative
word1=liability priorpolarity=negative
word1=liar priorpolarity=negative
word1=liar priorpolarity=negative
word1=liars priorpolarity=negative
word1=liars priorpolarity=negative
word1=liberal priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberation priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberation priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberalism priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberally priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberate priorpolarity=positive
word1=liberty priorpolarity=positive
word1=licentious priorpolarity=negative
word1=licentiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=licentiousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=lie priorpolarity=negative
word1=lie priorpolarity=negative
word1=lie priorpolarity=negative
word1=lier priorpolarity=negative
word1=lies priorpolarity=negative
word1=lies priorpolarity=negative
word1=life-threatening priorpolarity=negative
word1=lifeblood priorpolarity=positive
word1=lifeless priorpolarity=negative
word1=lifelong priorpolarity=positive
word1=light priorpolarity=positive
word1=light priorpolarity=positive
word1=light-hearted priorpolarity=positive
word1=lighten priorpolarity=positive
word1=likable priorpolarity=positive
word1=like priorpolarity=positive
word1=likelihood priorpolarity=neutral
word1=likelihood priorpolarity=neutral
word1=likely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=liking priorpolarity=positive
word1=likewise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=limit priorpolarity=negative
word1=limit priorpolarity=negative
word1=limitation priorpolarity=negative
word1=limited priorpolarity=negative
word1=limitless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=limitless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=limp priorpolarity=negative
word1=lionhearted priorpolarity=positive
word1=listless priorpolarity=negative
word1=literate priorpolarity=positive
word1=litigious priorpolarity=negative
word1=little priorpolarity=negative
word1=little-known priorpolarity=negative
word1=live priorpolarity=positive
word1=lively priorpolarity=positive
word1=livid priorpolarity=negative
word1=lividly priorpolarity=negative
word1=loath priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathe priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathe priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathing priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathly priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathsome priorpolarity=negative
word1=loathsomely priorpolarity=negative
word1=lofty priorpolarity=positive
word1=logical priorpolarity=positive
word1=lone priorpolarity=negative
word1=lone priorpolarity=negative
word1=loneliness priorpolarity=negative
word1=lonely priorpolarity=negative
word1=lonesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=long priorpolarity=negative
word1=longing priorpolarity=negative
word1=longingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=look priorpolarity=neutral
word1=looking priorpolarity=neutral
word1=loophole priorpolarity=negative
word1=loopholes priorpolarity=negative
word1=loopholes priorpolarity=negative
word1=loot priorpolarity=negative
word1=lorn priorpolarity=negative
word1=losing priorpolarity=negative
word1=losing priorpolarity=negative
word1=lose priorpolarity=negative
word1=loser priorpolarity=negative
word1=loss priorpolarity=negative
word1=lost priorpolarity=negative
word1=lousy priorpolarity=negative
word1=lovable priorpolarity=positive
word1=lovably priorpolarity=positive
word1=love priorpolarity=positive
word1=love priorpolarity=positive
word1=loveless priorpolarity=negative
word1=loveliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=lovelorn priorpolarity=negative
word1=lover priorpolarity=positive
word1=lovely priorpolarity=positive
word1=lovely priorpolarity=positive
word1=low priorpolarity=negative
word1=low-cost priorpolarity=positive
word1=low-rated priorpolarity=negative
word1=low-risk priorpolarity=positive
word1=lower-priced priorpolarity=positive
word1=lowly priorpolarity=negative
word1=loyal priorpolarity=positive
word1=loyalty priorpolarity=positive
word1=loyalty priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucid priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucidly priorpolarity=positive
word1=luck priorpolarity=positive
word1=luckier priorpolarity=positive
word1=luckier priorpolarity=positive
word1=luckiest priorpolarity=positive
word1=luckily priorpolarity=positive
word1=luckiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucky priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucky priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucrative priorpolarity=positive
word1=lucrative priorpolarity=positive
word1=ludicrous priorpolarity=negative
word1=ludicrously priorpolarity=negative
word1=lugubrious priorpolarity=negative
word1=lukewarm priorpolarity=negative
word1=lull priorpolarity=negative
word1=luminous priorpolarity=positive
word1=lunatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=lunatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=lunaticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=lurch priorpolarity=negative
word1=lure priorpolarity=negative
word1=lurid priorpolarity=negative
word1=lurk priorpolarity=negative
word1=lurking priorpolarity=negative
word1=lush priorpolarity=positive
word1=lust priorpolarity=both
word1=lure priorpolarity=negative
word1=luster priorpolarity=positive
word1=lustrous priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxuriant priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxuriate priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxurious priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxuriously priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxury priorpolarity=positive
word1=luxury priorpolarity=positive
word1=lying priorpolarity=negative
word1=lyrical priorpolarity=positive
word1=macabre priorpolarity=negative
word1=mad priorpolarity=negative
word1=madden priorpolarity=negative
word1=maddening priorpolarity=negative
word1=maddeningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=madder priorpolarity=negative
word1=madder priorpolarity=negative
word1=madly priorpolarity=negative
word1=madman priorpolarity=negative
word1=madness priorpolarity=negative
word1=magic priorpolarity=positive
word1=magical priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnanimous priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnanimously priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnetic priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnificence priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnificent priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnificent priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnificently priorpolarity=positive
word1=magnify priorpolarity=positive
word1=majestic priorpolarity=positive
word1=majesty priorpolarity=positive
word1=major priorpolarity=neutral
word1=maladjusted priorpolarity=negative
word1=maladjustment priorpolarity=negative
word1=malady priorpolarity=negative
word1=malaise priorpolarity=negative
word1=malcontent priorpolarity=negative
word1=malcontent priorpolarity=negative
word1=malcontented priorpolarity=negative
word1=maledict priorpolarity=negative
word1=maledict priorpolarity=negative
word1=malevolence priorpolarity=negative
word1=malevolent priorpolarity=negative
word1=malevolently priorpolarity=negative
word1=malice priorpolarity=negative
word1=malicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=maliciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=maliciousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=malign priorpolarity=negative
word1=malign priorpolarity=negative
word1=malignant priorpolarity=negative
word1=malodorous priorpolarity=negative
word1=maltreatment priorpolarity=negative
word1=maltreatment priorpolarity=negative
word1=manageable priorpolarity=positive
word1=maneuver priorpolarity=negative
word1=maneuver priorpolarity=negative
word1=mangle priorpolarity=negative
word1=mania priorpolarity=negative
word1=maniac priorpolarity=negative
word1=maniacal priorpolarity=negative
word1=manic priorpolarity=negative
word1=manifest priorpolarity=positive
word1=manipulate priorpolarity=negative
word1=manipulation priorpolarity=negative
word1=manipulation priorpolarity=negative
word1=manipulative priorpolarity=negative
word1=manipulators priorpolarity=negative
word1=manipulators priorpolarity=negative
word1=manly priorpolarity=positive
word1=mannerly priorpolarity=positive
word1=mantra priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mantra priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mar priorpolarity=negative
word1=mar priorpolarity=negative
word1=marginal priorpolarity=negative
word1=marginally priorpolarity=negative
word1=martyrdom priorpolarity=negative
word1=martyrdom-seeking priorpolarity=negative
word1=marvel priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvel priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvellous priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvelous priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvelous priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvelously priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvelousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=marvels priorpolarity=positive
word1=massacre priorpolarity=negative
word1=massacre priorpolarity=negative
word1=massacres priorpolarity=negative
word1=massive priorpolarity=neutral
word1=master priorpolarity=positive
word1=master priorpolarity=positive
word1=masterful priorpolarity=positive
word1=masterfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=masterpiece priorpolarity=positive
word1=masterpieces priorpolarity=positive
word1=masters priorpolarity=positive
word1=masters priorpolarity=positive
word1=mastery priorpolarity=positive
word1=matchless priorpolarity=positive
word1=matter priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mature priorpolarity=positive
word1=maturely priorpolarity=positive
word1=maturity priorpolarity=positive
word1=maverick priorpolarity=negative
word1=mawkish priorpolarity=negative
word1=mawkishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mawkishness priorpolarity=negative
word1=maxi-devaluation priorpolarity=negative
word1=maxi-devaluation priorpolarity=negative
word1=maximize priorpolarity=positive
word1=maybe priorpolarity=neutral
word1=meager priorpolarity=negative
word1=mean priorpolarity=negative
word1=mean priorpolarity=neutral
word1=meaningful priorpolarity=positive
word1=meaningless priorpolarity=negative
word1=meanness priorpolarity=negative
word1=meddle priorpolarity=negative
word1=meddlesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=mediocre priorpolarity=negative
word1=mediocrity priorpolarity=negative
word1=meek priorpolarity=positive
word1=melancholy priorpolarity=negative
word1=mellow priorpolarity=positive
word1=melodramatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=melodramatically priorpolarity=negative
word1=memorable priorpolarity=positive
word1=memorialize priorpolarity=positive
word1=memories priorpolarity=neutral
word1=memories priorpolarity=neutral
word1=menace priorpolarity=negative
word1=menace priorpolarity=negative
word1=menacing priorpolarity=negative
word1=menacingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mend priorpolarity=positive
word1=mendacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=mendacity priorpolarity=negative
word1=menial priorpolarity=negative
word1=mentality priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mentor priorpolarity=positive
word1=merciful priorpolarity=positive
word1=mercifully priorpolarity=positive
word1=merciless priorpolarity=negative
word1=mercilessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mercy priorpolarity=positive
word1=mercy priorpolarity=positive
word1=mere priorpolarity=negative
word1=mere priorpolarity=negative
word1=merely priorpolarity=negative
word1=merit priorpolarity=positive
word1=merit priorpolarity=positive
word1=meritorious priorpolarity=positive
word1=merrily priorpolarity=positive
word1=merriment priorpolarity=positive
word1=merriness priorpolarity=positive
word1=merry priorpolarity=positive
word1=mesmerize priorpolarity=positive
word1=mesmerizing priorpolarity=positive
word1=mesmerizing priorpolarity=positive
word1=mesmerizingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=mess priorpolarity=negative
word1=mess priorpolarity=negative
word1=messy priorpolarity=negative
word1=metaphorize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=meticulous priorpolarity=positive
word1=meticulously priorpolarity=positive
word1=midget priorpolarity=negative
word1=midget priorpolarity=negative
word1=miff priorpolarity=negative
word1=might priorpolarity=neutral
word1=might priorpolarity=positive
word1=mightily priorpolarity=positive
word1=mighty priorpolarity=positive
word1=mild priorpolarity=positive
word1=militancy priorpolarity=negative
word1=militancy priorpolarity=negative
word1=mind priorpolarity=negative
word1=mindful priorpolarity=positive
word1=mindless priorpolarity=negative
word1=mindlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=minister priorpolarity=positive
word1=minor priorpolarity=neutral
word1=miracle priorpolarity=positive
word1=miracles priorpolarity=positive
word1=miraculous priorpolarity=positive
word1=miraculously priorpolarity=positive
word1=miraculousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=mirage priorpolarity=negative
word1=mirage priorpolarity=negative
word1=mire priorpolarity=negative
word1=mire priorpolarity=negative
word1=mirth priorpolarity=positive
word1=misapprehend priorpolarity=negative
word1=misbecoming priorpolarity=negative
word1=misbecome priorpolarity=negative
word1=misbegotten priorpolarity=negative
word1=misbehave priorpolarity=negative
word1=misbehavior priorpolarity=negative
word1=miscalculate priorpolarity=negative
word1=miscalculation priorpolarity=negative
word1=miscalculation priorpolarity=negative
word1=mischief priorpolarity=negative
word1=mischief priorpolarity=negative
word1=mischievous priorpolarity=negative
word1=mischievously priorpolarity=negative
word1=misconception priorpolarity=negative
word1=misconceptions priorpolarity=negative
word1=misconceptions priorpolarity=negative
word1=miscreant priorpolarity=negative
word1=miscreants priorpolarity=negative
word1=misdirection priorpolarity=negative
word1=miser priorpolarity=negative
word1=miserly priorpolarity=negative
word1=miserable priorpolarity=negative
word1=miserableness priorpolarity=negative
word1=miserably priorpolarity=negative
word1=miseries priorpolarity=negative
word1=misery priorpolarity=negative
word1=misery priorpolarity=negative
word1=misfit priorpolarity=negative
word1=misfortune priorpolarity=negative
word1=misgiving priorpolarity=negative
word1=misgivings priorpolarity=negative
word1=misguidance priorpolarity=negative
word1=misguide priorpolarity=negative
word1=misguided priorpolarity=negative
word1=mishandle priorpolarity=negative
word1=mishap priorpolarity=negative
word1=misinform priorpolarity=negative
word1=misinformed priorpolarity=negative
word1=misinterpret priorpolarity=negative
word1=misjudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=misjudgment priorpolarity=negative
word1=mislead priorpolarity=negative
word1=mislead priorpolarity=negative
word1=misleading priorpolarity=negative
word1=misleadingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mislike priorpolarity=negative
word1=mismanage priorpolarity=negative
word1=misread priorpolarity=negative
word1=misreading priorpolarity=negative
word1=misreading priorpolarity=negative
word1=misrepresent priorpolarity=negative
word1=misrepresentation priorpolarity=negative
word1=miss priorpolarity=negative
word1=misstatement priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistake priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistake priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistaken priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistakenly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistakes priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistakes priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistrust priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistrust priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistrustful priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistrustfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstand priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstood priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstandings priorpolarity=negative
word1=misunderstandings priorpolarity=negative
word1=misuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=mm priorpolarity=neutral
word1=moan priorpolarity=negative
word1=mock priorpolarity=negative
word1=mock priorpolarity=negative
word1=mockeries priorpolarity=negative
word1=mockery priorpolarity=negative
word1=mocking priorpolarity=negative
word1=mockingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=moderate priorpolarity=positive
word1=moderation priorpolarity=positive
word1=moderation priorpolarity=positive
word1=modern priorpolarity=positive
word1=modest priorpolarity=positive
word1=modesty priorpolarity=positive
word1=molest priorpolarity=negative
word1=molestation priorpolarity=negative
word1=mollify priorpolarity=positive
word1=momentous priorpolarity=positive
word1=monotonous priorpolarity=negative
word1=monotony priorpolarity=negative
word1=monster priorpolarity=negative
word1=monstrosities priorpolarity=negative
word1=monstrosity priorpolarity=negative
word1=monstrous priorpolarity=negative
word1=monstrously priorpolarity=negative
word1=monumental priorpolarity=positive
word1=monumentally priorpolarity=positive
word1=moody priorpolarity=negative
word1=moon priorpolarity=negative
word1=moot priorpolarity=negative
word1=mope priorpolarity=negative
word1=moral priorpolarity=positive
word1=moral priorpolarity=positive
word1=morality priorpolarity=positive
word1=moralize priorpolarity=positive
word1=morbid priorpolarity=negative
word1=morbidly priorpolarity=negative
word1=mordant priorpolarity=negative
word1=mordantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=moreover priorpolarity=neutral
word1=moribund priorpolarity=negative
word1=mortification priorpolarity=negative
word1=mortified priorpolarity=negative
word1=mortify priorpolarity=negative
word1=mortifying priorpolarity=negative
word1=mortifying priorpolarity=negative
word1=most priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mostly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=motionless priorpolarity=negative
word1=motivate priorpolarity=positive
word1=motivated priorpolarity=positive
word1=motivation priorpolarity=positive
word1=motivation priorpolarity=positive
word1=motive priorpolarity=neutral
word1=motive priorpolarity=neutral
word1=motley priorpolarity=negative
word1=mourn priorpolarity=negative
word1=mourner priorpolarity=negative
word1=mournful priorpolarity=negative
word1=mournfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=move priorpolarity=neutral
word1=moving priorpolarity=positive
word1=much priorpolarity=neutral
word1=muddle priorpolarity=negative
word1=muddy priorpolarity=negative
word1=mudslinger priorpolarity=negative
word1=mudslinging priorpolarity=negative
word1=mulish priorpolarity=negative
word1=multi-polarization priorpolarity=negative
word1=multi-polarization priorpolarity=negative
word1=mum priorpolarity=neutral
word1=mundane priorpolarity=negative
word1=murder priorpolarity=negative
word1=murder priorpolarity=negative
word1=murderous priorpolarity=negative
word1=murderously priorpolarity=negative
word1=murky priorpolarity=negative
word1=muscle-flexing priorpolarity=negative
word1=must priorpolarity=neutral
word1=myriad priorpolarity=positive
word1=mysterious priorpolarity=negative
word1=mysteriously priorpolarity=negative
word1=mystery priorpolarity=negative
word1=mystify priorpolarity=negative
word1=mistified priorpolarity=negative
word1=myth priorpolarity=negative
word1=myth priorpolarity=negative
word1=nag priorpolarity=negative
word1=nagging priorpolarity=negative
word1=naive priorpolarity=negative
word1=naively priorpolarity=negative
word1=nap priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nap priorpolarity=neutral
word1=narrow priorpolarity=negative
word1=narrower priorpolarity=negative
word1=narrower priorpolarity=negative
word1=nascent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nastily priorpolarity=negative
word1=nastiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=nasty priorpolarity=negative
word1=nationalism priorpolarity=negative
word1=nationalism priorpolarity=negative
word1=natural priorpolarity=positive
word1=naturally priorpolarity=positive
word1=nature priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nature priorpolarity=neutral
word1=naughty priorpolarity=negative
word1=nauseate priorpolarity=negative
word1=nauseating priorpolarity=negative
word1=nauseatingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=navigable priorpolarity=positive
word1=neat priorpolarity=positive
word1=neatly priorpolarity=positive
word1=nebulous priorpolarity=negative
word1=nebulous priorpolarity=negative
word1=nebulously priorpolarity=negative
word1=necessarily priorpolarity=positive
word1=necessary priorpolarity=positive
word1=need priorpolarity=negative
word1=need priorpolarity=negative
word1=need priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needful priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needful priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needfully priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needless priorpolarity=negative
word1=needlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=needs priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needs priorpolarity=neutral
word1=needy priorpolarity=negative
word1=nefarious priorpolarity=negative
word1=nefariously priorpolarity=negative
word1=negate priorpolarity=negative
word1=negation priorpolarity=negative
word1=negative priorpolarity=negative
word1=neglect priorpolarity=negative
word1=neglect priorpolarity=negative
word1=neglected priorpolarity=negative
word1=negligent priorpolarity=negative
word1=negligence priorpolarity=negative
word1=negligible priorpolarity=negative
word1=nemesis priorpolarity=negative
word1=nettle priorpolarity=negative
word1=nettlesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=nevertheless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nervous priorpolarity=negative
word1=nervously priorpolarity=negative
word1=nervousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=neurotic priorpolarity=negative
word1=neurotically priorpolarity=negative
word1=neutralize priorpolarity=positive
word1=nice priorpolarity=positive
word1=nicely priorpolarity=positive
word1=nifty priorpolarity=positive
word1=niggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=nightmare priorpolarity=negative
word1=nightmarish priorpolarity=negative
word1=nightmarishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=nimble priorpolarity=positive
word1=nix priorpolarity=negative
word1=noble priorpolarity=positive
word1=nobly priorpolarity=positive
word1=noisy priorpolarity=negative
word1=non-confidence priorpolarity=negative
word1=non-confidence priorpolarity=negative
word1=non-violence priorpolarity=positive
word1=non-violent priorpolarity=positive
word1=nonexistent priorpolarity=negative
word1=nonsense priorpolarity=negative
word1=nonviolent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=normal priorpolarity=positive
word1=nosey priorpolarity=negative
word1=notable priorpolarity=positive
word1=notable priorpolarity=positive
word1=notably priorpolarity=positive
word1=noteworthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=noteworthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=noticeable priorpolarity=positive
word1=notion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=notion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=notorious priorpolarity=negative
word1=notoriously priorpolarity=negative
word1=novel priorpolarity=positive
word1=nourish priorpolarity=positive
word1=nourishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=nourishment priorpolarity=positive
word1=nuance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nuance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nuances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nuances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=nuisance priorpolarity=negative
word1=nuisance priorpolarity=negative
word1=numb priorpolarity=negative
word1=nurture priorpolarity=positive
word1=nurturing priorpolarity=positive
word1=nurturing priorpolarity=positive
word1=oasis priorpolarity=positive
word1=obedience priorpolarity=positive
word1=obedient priorpolarity=positive
word1=obediently priorpolarity=positive
word1=obey priorpolarity=positive
word1=obese priorpolarity=negative
word1=obese priorpolarity=negative
word1=object priorpolarity=negative
word1=objection priorpolarity=negative
word1=objection priorpolarity=negative
word1=objectionable priorpolarity=negative
word1=objections priorpolarity=negative
word1=objections priorpolarity=negative
word1=objective priorpolarity=positive
word1=objectively priorpolarity=positive
word1=obligation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=obligation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=obliged priorpolarity=positive
word1=oblique priorpolarity=negative
word1=obliterate priorpolarity=negative
word1=obliterated priorpolarity=negative
word1=oblivious priorpolarity=negative
word1=oblivious priorpolarity=negative
word1=obnoxious priorpolarity=negative
word1=obnoxiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscene priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscenely priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscenity priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscure priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscure priorpolarity=negative
word1=obscurity priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsess priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsession priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsessions priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsessive priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsessively priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsessiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=obsolete priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstacle priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstacle priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstinately priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstruct priorpolarity=negative
word1=obstruction priorpolarity=negative
word1=obtrusive priorpolarity=negative
word1=obtuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=obviate priorpolarity=positive
word1=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word1=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word1=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word1=obviously priorpolarity=negative
word1=odd priorpolarity=negative
word1=odd priorpolarity=negative
word1=odder priorpolarity=negative
word1=oddest priorpolarity=negative
word1=oddities priorpolarity=negative
word1=oddities priorpolarity=negative
word1=oddity priorpolarity=negative
word1=oddly priorpolarity=negative
word1=offbeat priorpolarity=positive
word1=offence priorpolarity=negative
word1=offence priorpolarity=negative
word1=offend priorpolarity=negative
word1=offend priorpolarity=negative
word1=offending priorpolarity=negative
word1=offenses priorpolarity=negative
word1=offenses priorpolarity=negative
word1=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=offensively priorpolarity=negative
word1=offensiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=officious priorpolarity=negative
word1=offset priorpolarity=positive
word1=oh priorpolarity=neutral
word1=okay priorpolarity=positive
word1=okay priorpolarity=positive
word1=olympic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ominous priorpolarity=negative
word1=ominously priorpolarity=negative
word1=omission priorpolarity=negative
word1=omit priorpolarity=negative
word1=one-side priorpolarity=negative
word1=one-sided priorpolarity=negative
word1=onerous priorpolarity=negative
word1=onerously priorpolarity=negative
word1=onslaught priorpolarity=negative
word1=onslaught priorpolarity=negative
word1=onward priorpolarity=positive
word1=onward priorpolarity=positive
word1=open priorpolarity=positive
word1=openly priorpolarity=positive
word1=open-ended priorpolarity=neutral
word1=openness priorpolarity=positive
word1=openness priorpolarity=positive
word1=opinion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=opinion priorpolarity=neutral
word1=opinionated priorpolarity=negative
word1=opinions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=opinions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=opponent priorpolarity=negative
word1=opportune priorpolarity=positive
word1=opportunity priorpolarity=positive
word1=opportunistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppose priorpolarity=negative
word1=opposition priorpolarity=negative
word1=opposition priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppositions priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppositions priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppress priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppression priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppression priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppressive priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppressively priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppressiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppressors priorpolarity=negative
word1=oppressors priorpolarity=negative
word1=optimal priorpolarity=positive
word1=optimism priorpolarity=positive
word1=optimistic priorpolarity=positive
word1=opulent priorpolarity=positive
word1=ordeal priorpolarity=negative
word1=orderly priorpolarity=positive
word1=original priorpolarity=positive
word1=originality priorpolarity=positive
word1=orphan priorpolarity=negative
word1=orthodoxy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=ostracize priorpolarity=negative
word1=ought priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outbreak priorpolarity=negative
word1=outburst priorpolarity=negative
word1=outburst priorpolarity=negative
word1=outbursts priorpolarity=negative
word1=outbursts priorpolarity=negative
word1=outcast priorpolarity=negative
word1=outcry priorpolarity=negative
word1=outdated priorpolarity=negative
word1=outdo priorpolarity=positive
word1=outgoing priorpolarity=positive
word1=outlaw priorpolarity=negative
word1=outlook priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outlook priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outmoded priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrage priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrage priorpolarity=negative
word1=outraged priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrageous priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrageous priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrageously priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrageousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=outrages priorpolarity=negative
word1=outright priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outshine priorpolarity=positive
word1=outsider priorpolarity=negative
word1=outsmart priorpolarity=positive
word1=outspoken priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outspoken priorpolarity=neutral
word1=outstanding priorpolarity=positive
word1=outstandingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=outstrip priorpolarity=positive
word1=outwit priorpolarity=positive
word1=ovation priorpolarity=positive
word1=ovation priorpolarity=positive
word1=over-acted priorpolarity=negative
word1=over-valuation priorpolarity=negative
word1=over-valuation priorpolarity=negative
word1=overachiever priorpolarity=positive
word1=overact priorpolarity=negative
word1=overact priorpolarity=negative
word1=overacted priorpolarity=negative
word1=overawe priorpolarity=negative
word1=overbalance priorpolarity=negative
word1=overbalanced priorpolarity=negative
word1=overbearing priorpolarity=negative
word1=overbearingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=overblown priorpolarity=negative
word1=overcome priorpolarity=negative
word1=overdo priorpolarity=negative
word1=overdone priorpolarity=negative
word1=overdue priorpolarity=negative
word1=overemphasize priorpolarity=negative
word1=overjoyed priorpolarity=positive
word1=overkill priorpolarity=negative
word1=overlook priorpolarity=negative
word1=overplay priorpolarity=negative
word1=overpower priorpolarity=negative
word1=overreach priorpolarity=negative
word1=overrun priorpolarity=negative
word1=overshadow priorpolarity=negative
word1=oversight priorpolarity=negative
word1=oversimplification priorpolarity=negative
word1=oversimplified priorpolarity=negative
word1=oversimplify priorpolarity=negative
word1=oversized priorpolarity=negative
word1=overstate priorpolarity=negative
word1=overstatement priorpolarity=negative
word1=overstatement priorpolarity=negative
word1=overstatements priorpolarity=negative
word1=overt priorpolarity=neutral
word1=overtaxed priorpolarity=negative
word1=overthrow priorpolarity=negative
word1=overturn priorpolarity=negative
word1=overture priorpolarity=positive
word1=overture priorpolarity=positive
word1=overtures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=overtures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=overwhelm priorpolarity=negative
word1=overwhelming priorpolarity=negative
word1=overwhelmingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=overworked priorpolarity=negative
word1=overzealous priorpolarity=negative
word1=overzealously priorpolarity=negative
word1=pacifist priorpolarity=positive
word1=pacifists priorpolarity=positive
word1=pacifists priorpolarity=positive
word1=pacify priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pain priorpolarity=negative
word1=pain priorpolarity=negative
word1=pain priorpolarity=negative
word1=painful priorpolarity=negative
word1=painfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=painless priorpolarity=positive
word1=painlessly priorpolarity=positive
word1=pains priorpolarity=negative
word1=pains priorpolarity=negative
word1=painstaking priorpolarity=positive
word1=painstakingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=palatable priorpolarity=positive
word1=palatial priorpolarity=positive
word1=pale priorpolarity=negative
word1=pale priorpolarity=negative
word1=palliate priorpolarity=positive
word1=paltry priorpolarity=negative
word1=pamper priorpolarity=positive
word1=pan priorpolarity=negative
word1=pandemonium priorpolarity=negative
word1=panic priorpolarity=negative
word1=panic priorpolarity=negative
word1=panicky priorpolarity=negative
word1=paradise priorpolarity=positive
word1=paradoxical priorpolarity=negative
word1=paradoxically priorpolarity=negative
word1=paralize priorpolarity=negative
word1=paralyzed priorpolarity=negative
word1=paramount priorpolarity=positive
word1=paranoia priorpolarity=negative
word1=paranoid priorpolarity=negative
word1=parasite priorpolarity=negative
word1=pardon priorpolarity=positive
word1=pariah priorpolarity=negative
word1=parody priorpolarity=negative
word1=partiality priorpolarity=negative
word1=partiality priorpolarity=negative
word1=particular priorpolarity=neutral
word1=particularly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=partisan priorpolarity=negative
word1=partisan priorpolarity=negative
word1=partisans priorpolarity=negative
word1=partisans priorpolarity=negative
word1=passe priorpolarity=negative
word1=passion priorpolarity=positive
word1=passionate priorpolarity=positive
word1=passionately priorpolarity=positive
word1=passive priorpolarity=negative
word1=passive priorpolarity=negative
word1=passiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=passiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=pathetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=pathetically priorpolarity=negative
word1=patience priorpolarity=positive
word1=patient priorpolarity=positive
word1=patient priorpolarity=positive
word1=patient priorpolarity=positive
word1=patiently priorpolarity=positive
word1=patriot priorpolarity=positive
word1=patriotic priorpolarity=positive
word1=patronize priorpolarity=negative
word1=paucity priorpolarity=negative
word1=paucity priorpolarity=negative
word1=pauper priorpolarity=negative
word1=paupers priorpolarity=negative
word1=paupers priorpolarity=negative
word1=payback priorpolarity=negative
word1=payback priorpolarity=negative
word1=peace priorpolarity=positive
word1=peace priorpolarity=positive
word1=peaceable priorpolarity=positive
word1=peaceful priorpolarity=positive
word1=peaceful priorpolarity=positive
word1=peacefully priorpolarity=positive
word1=peacekeepers priorpolarity=positive
word1=peacekeepers priorpolarity=positive
word1=peculiar priorpolarity=negative
word1=peculiarly priorpolarity=negative
word1=pedantic priorpolarity=negative
word1=pedestrian priorpolarity=negative
word1=peerless priorpolarity=positive
word1=peeve priorpolarity=negative
word1=peeved priorpolarity=negative
word1=peevish priorpolarity=negative
word1=peevishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=penalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=penalty priorpolarity=negative
word1=penalty priorpolarity=negative
word1=penetrating priorpolarity=positive
word1=penitent priorpolarity=positive
word1=perceptions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=perceptions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=perceptive priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfection priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfectly priorpolarity=positive
word1=perfidious priorpolarity=negative
word1=perfidity priorpolarity=negative
word1=perfunctory priorpolarity=negative
word1=perfunctory priorpolarity=negative
word1=perhaps priorpolarity=neutral
word1=peril priorpolarity=negative
word1=perilous priorpolarity=negative
word1=perilously priorpolarity=negative
word1=peripheral priorpolarity=negative
word1=perish priorpolarity=negative
word1=permissible priorpolarity=positive
word1=pernicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=perplex priorpolarity=negative
word1=perplexed priorpolarity=negative
word1=perplexing priorpolarity=negative
word1=perplexity priorpolarity=negative
word1=persecute priorpolarity=negative
word1=persecution priorpolarity=negative
word1=persecution priorpolarity=negative
word1=perseverance priorpolarity=positive
word1=persevere priorpolarity=positive
word1=persistence priorpolarity=neutral
word1=persistence priorpolarity=neutral
word1=persistent priorpolarity=positive
word1=persistent priorpolarity=positive
word1=personages priorpolarity=positive
word1=personages priorpolarity=positive
word1=personality priorpolarity=positive
word1=personality priorpolarity=positive
word1=perspective priorpolarity=neutral
word1=perspective priorpolarity=neutral
word1=perspicuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=perspicuously priorpolarity=positive
word1=persuade priorpolarity=positive
word1=persuasive priorpolarity=positive
word1=persuasive priorpolarity=positive
word1=persuasively priorpolarity=positive
word1=pertinacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=pertinaciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=pertinacity priorpolarity=negative
word1=pertinent priorpolarity=positive
word1=perturb priorpolarity=negative
word1=perturbed priorpolarity=negative
word1=perverse priorpolarity=negative
word1=perversely priorpolarity=negative
word1=perversion priorpolarity=negative
word1=perversity priorpolarity=negative
word1=pervert priorpolarity=negative
word1=perverted priorpolarity=negative
word1=pessimism priorpolarity=negative
word1=pessimistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=pessimistically priorpolarity=negative
word1=pest priorpolarity=negative
word1=pestilent priorpolarity=negative
word1=petrify priorpolarity=negative
word1=petrified priorpolarity=negative
word1=pettifog priorpolarity=negative
word1=petty priorpolarity=negative
word1=phenomenal priorpolarity=positive
word1=phenomenally priorpolarity=positive
word1=philosophize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=phobia priorpolarity=negative
word1=phobic priorpolarity=negative
word1=phony priorpolarity=negative
word1=picky priorpolarity=negative
word1=picturesque priorpolarity=positive
word1=piety priorpolarity=positive
word1=pillage priorpolarity=negative
word1=pillar priorpolarity=positive
word1=pillar priorpolarity=positive
word1=pillory priorpolarity=negative
word1=pinch priorpolarity=negative
word1=pinch priorpolarity=negative
word1=pine priorpolarity=negative
word1=pinnacle priorpolarity=positive
word1=pious priorpolarity=positive
word1=pique priorpolarity=negative
word1=pithy priorpolarity=positive
word1=pithy priorpolarity=positive
word1=pitiable priorpolarity=negative
word1=pitiful priorpolarity=negative
word1=pitifully priorpolarity=negative
word1=pitiless priorpolarity=negative
word1=pitilessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=pittance priorpolarity=negative
word1=pity priorpolarity=negative
word1=pity priorpolarity=negative
word1=pivotal priorpolarity=neutral
word1=placate priorpolarity=positive
word1=placid priorpolarity=positive
word1=plagiarize priorpolarity=negative
word1=plague priorpolarity=negative
word1=plague priorpolarity=negative
word1=plague priorpolarity=negative
word1=plain priorpolarity=positive
word1=plainly priorpolarity=positive
word1=plausibility priorpolarity=positive
word1=plausible priorpolarity=positive
word1=player priorpolarity=neutral
word1=player priorpolarity=neutral
word1=playful priorpolarity=positive
word1=playfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=plaything priorpolarity=negative
word1=plaything priorpolarity=negative
word1=plead priorpolarity=both
word1=pleading priorpolarity=both
word1=pleadingly priorpolarity=both
word1=plea priorpolarity=negative
word1=pleas priorpolarity=negative
word1=pleas priorpolarity=negative
word1=pleasant priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=please priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleased priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasing priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasurable priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasurably priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasure priorpolarity=positive
word1=pleasure priorpolarity=positive
word1=plebeian priorpolarity=negative
word1=pledge priorpolarity=positive
word1=pledge priorpolarity=positive
word1=pledges priorpolarity=positive
word1=pledges priorpolarity=positive
word1=plenary priorpolarity=neutral
word1=plentiful priorpolarity=positive
word1=plenty priorpolarity=positive
word1=plight priorpolarity=negative
word1=plot priorpolarity=negative
word1=plotters priorpolarity=negative
word1=plotters priorpolarity=negative
word1=ploy priorpolarity=negative
word1=ploy priorpolarity=negative
word1=plunder priorpolarity=negative
word1=plunderer priorpolarity=negative
word1=plush priorpolarity=positive
word1=poetic priorpolarity=positive
word1=poeticize priorpolarity=positive
word1=poignant priorpolarity=positive
word1=point priorpolarity=neutral
word1=point priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pointless priorpolarity=negative
word1=pointlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=poise priorpolarity=positive
word1=poised priorpolarity=positive
word1=poison priorpolarity=negative
word1=poison priorpolarity=negative
word1=poisonous priorpolarity=negative
word1=poisonously priorpolarity=negative
word1=polarisation priorpolarity=negative
word1=polarisation priorpolarity=negative
word1=polemize priorpolarity=negative
word1=polished priorpolarity=positive
word1=polite priorpolarity=positive
word1=politeness priorpolarity=positive
word1=pollute priorpolarity=negative
word1=polluter priorpolarity=negative
word1=polluter priorpolarity=negative
word1=polluters priorpolarity=negative
word1=polluters priorpolarity=negative
word1=polution priorpolarity=negative
word1=pompous priorpolarity=negative
word1=ponder priorpolarity=neutral
word1=poor priorpolarity=negative
word1=poorly priorpolarity=negative
word1=popular priorpolarity=positive
word1=popular priorpolarity=positive
word1=popularity priorpolarity=positive
word1=popularity priorpolarity=positive
word1=portable priorpolarity=positive
word1=posh priorpolarity=positive
word1=position priorpolarity=neutral
word1=position priorpolarity=neutral
word1=positive priorpolarity=positive
word1=positiveness priorpolarity=positive
word1=positively priorpolarity=positive
word1=possibility priorpolarity=neutral
word1=possibility priorpolarity=neutral
word1=possible priorpolarity=neutral
word1=possibly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=posterity priorpolarity=positive
word1=posture priorpolarity=neutral
word1=posture priorpolarity=neutral
word1=posturing priorpolarity=negative
word1=posturing priorpolarity=negative
word1=potent priorpolarity=positive
word1=potential priorpolarity=positive
word1=potential priorpolarity=positive
word1=pout priorpolarity=negative
word1=poverty priorpolarity=negative
word1=power priorpolarity=neutral
word1=power priorpolarity=neutral
word1=powerful priorpolarity=positive
word1=powerfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=powerless priorpolarity=negative
word1=practicable priorpolarity=positive
word1=practical priorpolarity=positive
word1=practically priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pragmatic priorpolarity=positive
word1=praise priorpolarity=positive
word1=praise priorpolarity=positive
word1=praiseworthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=praising priorpolarity=positive
word1=praising priorpolarity=positive
word1=prate priorpolarity=negative
word1=pratfall priorpolarity=negative
word1=prattle priorpolarity=negative
word1=pray priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pre-eminent priorpolarity=positive
word1=preach priorpolarity=positive
word1=preaching priorpolarity=positive
word1=preaching priorpolarity=positive
word1=precarious priorpolarity=negative
word1=precariously priorpolarity=negative
word1=precaution priorpolarity=positive
word1=precautions priorpolarity=positive
word1=precedent priorpolarity=positive
word1=precious priorpolarity=positive
word1=precious priorpolarity=neutral
word1=precious priorpolarity=positive
word1=precipitate priorpolarity=negative
word1=precipitous priorpolarity=negative
word1=precise priorpolarity=positive
word1=precisely priorpolarity=positive
word1=precision priorpolarity=positive
word1=predatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=predicament priorpolarity=negative
word1=predictable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=predictablely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=predominant priorpolarity=neutral
word1=preeminent priorpolarity=positive
word1=preemptive priorpolarity=positive
word1=prefer priorpolarity=positive
word1=preferable priorpolarity=positive
word1=preferable priorpolarity=positive
word1=preferably priorpolarity=positive
word1=preference priorpolarity=positive
word1=preferences priorpolarity=positive
word1=preferences priorpolarity=positive
word1=prejudge priorpolarity=negative
word1=prejudice priorpolarity=negative
word1=prejudice priorpolarity=negative
word1=prejudicial priorpolarity=negative
word1=premeditated priorpolarity=negative
word1=premier priorpolarity=positive
word1=premium priorpolarity=positive
word1=preoccupy priorpolarity=negative
word1=prepared priorpolarity=positive
word1=preponderance priorpolarity=positive
word1=preponderance priorpolarity=positive
word1=preposterous priorpolarity=negative
word1=preposterously priorpolarity=negative
word1=press priorpolarity=positive
word1=pressing priorpolarity=negative
word1=pressing priorpolarity=negative
word1=pressure priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pressure priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pressures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=pressures priorpolarity=neutral
word1=prestige priorpolarity=positive
word1=prestigious priorpolarity=positive
word1=presumably priorpolarity=neutral
word1=presume priorpolarity=negative
word1=presumptuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=presumptuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=presumptuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretence priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretence priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretend priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretense priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretense priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretentious priorpolarity=negative
word1=pretentiously priorpolarity=negative
word1=prettily priorpolarity=positive
word1=pretty priorpolarity=positive
word1=prevalent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=prevaricate priorpolarity=negative
word1=priceless priorpolarity=positive
word1=pricey priorpolarity=negative
word1=prickle priorpolarity=negative
word1=prickles priorpolarity=negative
word1=prickles priorpolarity=negative
word1=pride priorpolarity=positive
word1=prideful priorpolarity=negative
word1=primarily priorpolarity=neutral
word1=primary priorpolarity=neutral
word1=prime priorpolarity=neutral
word1=primitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=primitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=principle priorpolarity=positive
word1=principle priorpolarity=positive
word1=principled priorpolarity=positive
word1=prison priorpolarity=negative
word1=prisoner priorpolarity=negative
word1=privilege priorpolarity=positive
word1=privileged priorpolarity=positive
word1=prize priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-American priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-American priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-Beijing priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-Beijing priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-Cuba priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-Cuba priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-peace priorpolarity=positive
word1=pro-peace priorpolarity=positive
word1=proactive priorpolarity=positive
word1=proactive priorpolarity=positive
word1=problem priorpolarity=negative
word1=problematic priorpolarity=negative
word1=problematic priorpolarity=negative
word1=problems priorpolarity=negative
word1=problems priorpolarity=negative
word1=proclaim priorpolarity=neutral
word1=procrastinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=procrastination priorpolarity=negative
word1=prodigious priorpolarity=positive
word1=prodigiously priorpolarity=positive
word1=prodigy priorpolarity=positive
word1=productive priorpolarity=positive
word1=profane priorpolarity=negative
word1=profane priorpolarity=negative
word1=profanity priorpolarity=negative
word1=profess priorpolarity=positive
word1=proficient priorpolarity=positive
word1=proficiently priorpolarity=positive
word1=profit priorpolarity=positive
word1=profit priorpolarity=positive
word1=profitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=profound priorpolarity=positive
word1=profoundly priorpolarity=positive
word1=profuse priorpolarity=positive
word1=profusely priorpolarity=positive
word1=profusion priorpolarity=positive
word1=prognosticate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=progress priorpolarity=positive
word1=progress priorpolarity=positive
word1=progressive priorpolarity=positive
word1=prohibit priorpolarity=negative
word1=prohibitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=prohibitively priorpolarity=negative
word1=prolific priorpolarity=positive
word1=prominent priorpolarity=positive
word1=prominence priorpolarity=positive
word1=promise priorpolarity=positive
word1=promise priorpolarity=positive
word1=promising priorpolarity=positive
word1=promoter priorpolarity=positive
word1=promoter priorpolarity=positive
word1=prompt priorpolarity=positive
word1=promptly priorpolarity=positive
word1=propaganda priorpolarity=negative
word1=propaganda priorpolarity=negative
word1=propagandize priorpolarity=negative
word1=proper priorpolarity=positive
word1=properly priorpolarity=positive
word1=prophesy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=propitious priorpolarity=positive
word1=propitiously priorpolarity=positive
word1=proportionate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=proportionate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=proportionately priorpolarity=neutral
word1=proscription priorpolarity=negative
word1=proscription priorpolarity=negative
word1=proscriptions priorpolarity=negative
word1=proscriptions priorpolarity=negative
word1=prosecute priorpolarity=negative
word1=prospect priorpolarity=positive
word1=prospect priorpolarity=positive
word1=prospects priorpolarity=positive
word1=prospects priorpolarity=positive
word1=prosper priorpolarity=positive
word1=prosperity priorpolarity=positive
word1=prosperity priorpolarity=positive
word1=prosperous priorpolarity=positive
word1=protect priorpolarity=positive
word1=protection priorpolarity=positive
word1=protective priorpolarity=positive
word1=protector priorpolarity=positive
word1=protector priorpolarity=positive
word1=protest priorpolarity=negative
word1=protest priorpolarity=negative
word1=protest priorpolarity=negative
word1=protests priorpolarity=negative
word1=protests priorpolarity=negative
word1=protracted priorpolarity=negative
word1=proud priorpolarity=positive
word1=prove priorpolarity=neutral
word1=providence priorpolarity=positive
word1=provocation priorpolarity=negative
word1=provocation priorpolarity=negative
word1=provocative priorpolarity=negative
word1=provocative priorpolarity=negative
word1=provoke priorpolarity=negative
word1=prowess priorpolarity=positive
word1=prudence priorpolarity=positive
word1=prudence priorpolarity=positive
word1=prudent priorpolarity=positive
word1=prudently priorpolarity=positive
word1=pry priorpolarity=negative
word1=pugnacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=pugnaciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=pugnacity priorpolarity=negative
word1=punch priorpolarity=negative
word1=punch priorpolarity=negative
word1=punctual priorpolarity=positive
word1=pundits priorpolarity=positive
word1=pundits priorpolarity=positive
word1=punish priorpolarity=negative
word1=punishable priorpolarity=negative
word1=punitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=punitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=puny priorpolarity=negative
word1=puppet priorpolarity=negative
word1=puppet priorpolarity=negative
word1=puppets priorpolarity=negative
word1=puppets priorpolarity=negative
word1=pure priorpolarity=positive
word1=purification priorpolarity=positive
word1=purify priorpolarity=positive
word1=purity priorpolarity=positive
word1=purposeful priorpolarity=positive
word1=puzzle priorpolarity=negative
word1=puzzled priorpolarity=negative
word1=puzzlement priorpolarity=negative
word1=puzzling priorpolarity=negative
word1=quack priorpolarity=negative
word1=quaint priorpolarity=positive
word1=qualified priorpolarity=positive
word1=qualify priorpolarity=positive
word1=qualify priorpolarity=positive
word1=qualms priorpolarity=negative
word1=qualms priorpolarity=negative
word1=quandary priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrellous priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrellously priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrels priorpolarity=negative
word1=quarrelsome priorpolarity=negative
word1=quash priorpolarity=negative
word1=quasi-ally priorpolarity=positive
word1=quasi-ally priorpolarity=positive
word1=queer priorpolarity=negative
word1=quench priorpolarity=positive
word1=questionable priorpolarity=negative
word1=questionable priorpolarity=negative
word1=quibble priorpolarity=negative
word1=quicken priorpolarity=positive
word1=quick priorpolarity=neutral
word1=quiet priorpolarity=neutral
word1=quit priorpolarity=negative
word1=quite priorpolarity=neutral
word1=quitter priorpolarity=negative
word1=racism priorpolarity=negative
word1=racism priorpolarity=negative
word1=racist priorpolarity=negative
word1=racist priorpolarity=negative
word1=racist priorpolarity=negative
word1=racists priorpolarity=negative
word1=racists priorpolarity=negative
word1=rack priorpolarity=negative
word1=radiance priorpolarity=positive
word1=radiant priorpolarity=positive
word1=radical priorpolarity=negative
word1=radical priorpolarity=negative
word1=radical priorpolarity=negative
word1=radicalization priorpolarity=negative
word1=radicalization priorpolarity=negative
word1=radically priorpolarity=negative
word1=radicals priorpolarity=negative
word1=rage priorpolarity=negative
word1=rage priorpolarity=negative
word1=ragged priorpolarity=negative
word1=raging priorpolarity=negative
word1=rail priorpolarity=negative
word1=rally priorpolarity=positive
word1=rampage priorpolarity=negative
word1=rampant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ramshackle priorpolarity=negative
word1=rancor priorpolarity=negative
word1=rank priorpolarity=negative
word1=rankle priorpolarity=negative
word1=rant priorpolarity=negative
word1=rant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ranting priorpolarity=negative
word1=rantingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=rapid priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rapprochement priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapprochement priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapport priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapt priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapture priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapture priorpolarity=positive
word1=raptureous priorpolarity=positive
word1=raptureously priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapturous priorpolarity=positive
word1=rapturously priorpolarity=positive
word1=rare priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rarely priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rascal priorpolarity=negative
word1=rash priorpolarity=negative
word1=rat priorpolarity=negative
word1=rather priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rather priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rational priorpolarity=positive
word1=rationality priorpolarity=positive
word1=rationality priorpolarity=positive
word1=rationalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=rattle priorpolarity=negative
word1=ravage priorpolarity=negative
word1=rave priorpolarity=positive
word1=raving priorpolarity=negative
word1=re-conquest priorpolarity=positive
word1=re-conquest priorpolarity=positive
word1=react priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reaction priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reaction priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reactionary priorpolarity=negative
word1=reactions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reactions priorpolarity=neutral
word1=readiness priorpolarity=neutral
word1=readiness priorpolarity=neutral
word1=readily priorpolarity=positive
word1=ready priorpolarity=positive
word1=reaffirm priorpolarity=positive
word1=reaffirmation priorpolarity=positive
word1=reaffirmation priorpolarity=positive
word1=real priorpolarity=positive
word1=realist priorpolarity=positive
word1=realistic priorpolarity=positive
word1=realistically priorpolarity=positive
word1=realization priorpolarity=neutral
word1=realization priorpolarity=neutral
word1=really priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reason priorpolarity=positive
word1=reasonable priorpolarity=positive
word1=reasonably priorpolarity=positive
word1=reasoned priorpolarity=positive
word1=reassurance priorpolarity=positive
word1=reassurance priorpolarity=positive
word1=reassure priorpolarity=positive
word1=rebellious priorpolarity=negative
word1=rebuff priorpolarity=negative
word1=rebuke priorpolarity=negative
word1=recalcitrant priorpolarity=negative
word1=recant priorpolarity=negative
word1=receptive priorpolarity=positive
word1=recession priorpolarity=negative
word1=recessionary priorpolarity=negative
word1=reckless priorpolarity=negative
word1=recklessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=recklessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=reclaim priorpolarity=positive
word1=recognition priorpolarity=positive
word1=recognition priorpolarity=positive
word1=recognizable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=recognizable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=recoil priorpolarity=negative
word1=recommend priorpolarity=positive
word1=recommendation priorpolarity=positive
word1=recommendations priorpolarity=positive
word1=recommendations priorpolarity=positive
word1=recommended priorpolarity=positive
word1=recompense priorpolarity=positive
word1=recompense priorpolarity=positive
word1=reconcile priorpolarity=positive
word1=reconciliation priorpolarity=positive
word1=reconciliation priorpolarity=positive
word1=record-setting priorpolarity=positive
word1=recourses priorpolarity=negative
word1=recourses priorpolarity=negative
word1=recover priorpolarity=positive
word1=rectification priorpolarity=positive
word1=rectification priorpolarity=positive
word1=rectify priorpolarity=positive
word1=rectifying priorpolarity=positive
word1=rectifying priorpolarity=positive
word1=redeem priorpolarity=positive
word1=redeeming priorpolarity=positive
word1=redemption priorpolarity=positive
word1=redundancy priorpolarity=negative
word1=redundant priorpolarity=negative
word1=reestablish priorpolarity=positive
word1=refine priorpolarity=positive
word1=refined priorpolarity=positive
word1=refinement priorpolarity=positive
word1=reflecting priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reflecting priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reflective priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reform priorpolarity=positive
word1=reform priorpolarity=positive
word1=refresh priorpolarity=positive
word1=refreshing priorpolarity=positive
word1=refuge priorpolarity=positive
word1=refusal priorpolarity=negative
word1=refusal priorpolarity=negative
word1=refuse priorpolarity=negative
word1=refutation priorpolarity=negative
word1=refutation priorpolarity=negative
word1=refute priorpolarity=negative
word1=regal priorpolarity=positive
word1=regally priorpolarity=positive
word1=regard priorpolarity=positive
word1=regard priorpolarity=neutral
word1=regardless priorpolarity=neutral
word1=regardlessly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=regress priorpolarity=negative
word1=regression priorpolarity=negative
word1=regressive priorpolarity=negative
word1=regret priorpolarity=negative
word1=regret priorpolarity=negative
word1=regret priorpolarity=negative
word1=regretful priorpolarity=negative
word1=regretfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=regrettable priorpolarity=negative
word1=regrettably priorpolarity=negative
word1=rehabilitate priorpolarity=positive
word1=rehabilitation priorpolarity=positive
word1=reinforce priorpolarity=positive
word1=reinforcement priorpolarity=positive
word1=reiterate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reiterated priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reiterated priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reiterates priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reiterates priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reject priorpolarity=negative
word1=rejection priorpolarity=negative
word1=rejection priorpolarity=negative
word1=rejoice priorpolarity=positive
word1=rejoicing priorpolarity=positive
word1=rejoicingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=relapse priorpolarity=negative
word1=relations priorpolarity=neutral
word1=relations priorpolarity=neutral
word1=relax priorpolarity=positive
word1=relaxed priorpolarity=positive
word1=relent priorpolarity=positive
word1=relentless priorpolarity=negative
word1=relentlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=relentlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=relevant priorpolarity=positive
word1=relevance priorpolarity=positive
word1=reliable priorpolarity=positive
word1=reliability priorpolarity=positive
word1=reliably priorpolarity=positive
word1=relief priorpolarity=positive
word1=relief priorpolarity=positive
word1=relieve priorpolarity=positive
word1=relish priorpolarity=positive
word1=reluctance priorpolarity=negative
word1=reluctance priorpolarity=negative
word1=reluctant priorpolarity=negative
word1=reluctantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=remark priorpolarity=neutral
word1=remark priorpolarity=neutral
word1=remarkable priorpolarity=positive
word1=remarkable priorpolarity=positive
word1=remarkably priorpolarity=positive
word1=remedy priorpolarity=positive
word1=reminiscent priorpolarity=positive
word1=reminiscent priorpolarity=positive
word1=remorse priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorse priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorseful priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorseful priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorsefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorseless priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorselessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=remorselessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=remunerate priorpolarity=positive
word1=renaissance priorpolarity=positive
word1=renewable priorpolarity=neutral
word1=renewal priorpolarity=positive
word1=renovate priorpolarity=positive
word1=renovation priorpolarity=positive
word1=renounce priorpolarity=negative
word1=renown priorpolarity=positive
word1=renowned priorpolarity=positive
word1=renunciation priorpolarity=negative
word1=repair priorpolarity=positive
word1=repair priorpolarity=positive
word1=reparation priorpolarity=positive
word1=repay priorpolarity=positive
word1=repel priorpolarity=negative
word1=repent priorpolarity=positive
word1=repentance priorpolarity=positive
word1=repetitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=replete priorpolarity=neutral
word1=reprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprehensibly priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprehension priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word1=repress priorpolarity=negative
word1=repression priorpolarity=negative
word1=repression priorpolarity=negative
word1=repressive priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprimand priorpolarity=negative
word1=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word1=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word1=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word1=reproachful priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprove priorpolarity=negative
word1=reprovingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=repudiate priorpolarity=negative
word1=repudiation priorpolarity=negative
word1=repudiation priorpolarity=negative
word1=repugn priorpolarity=negative
word1=repugnance priorpolarity=negative
word1=repugnant priorpolarity=negative
word1=repugnantly priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulse priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulsed priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulsing priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulsive priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulsively priorpolarity=negative
word1=repulsiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=reputable priorpolarity=positive
word1=reputed priorpolarity=neutral
word1=rescue priorpolarity=positive
word1=rescue priorpolarity=positive
word1=resent priorpolarity=negative
word1=resentful priorpolarity=negative
word1=resentment priorpolarity=negative
word1=resentment priorpolarity=negative
word1=reservations priorpolarity=negative
word1=reservations priorpolarity=negative
word1=resignation priorpolarity=negative
word1=resigned priorpolarity=negative
word1=resilient priorpolarity=positive
word1=resistance priorpolarity=negative
word1=resistance priorpolarity=negative
word1=resistant priorpolarity=negative
word1=resistant priorpolarity=negative
word1=resolute priorpolarity=positive
word1=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word1=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word1=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word1=resolved priorpolarity=positive
word1=resound priorpolarity=positive
word1=resounding priorpolarity=positive
word1=resourceful priorpolarity=positive
word1=resourcefulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=respect priorpolarity=positive
word1=respect priorpolarity=positive
word1=respect priorpolarity=positive
word1=respectable priorpolarity=positive
word1=respectful priorpolarity=positive
word1=respectfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=respite priorpolarity=positive
word1=resplendent priorpolarity=positive
word1=responsibility priorpolarity=positive
word1=responsible priorpolarity=positive
word1=responsibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=responsive priorpolarity=positive
word1=restful priorpolarity=positive
word1=restless priorpolarity=negative
word1=restlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=restoration priorpolarity=positive
word1=restore priorpolarity=positive
word1=restraint priorpolarity=positive
word1=restraint priorpolarity=positive
word1=restrict priorpolarity=negative
word1=restricted priorpolarity=negative
word1=restriction priorpolarity=negative
word1=restrictive priorpolarity=negative
word1=resurgent priorpolarity=positive
word1=retaliate priorpolarity=negative
word1=retaliatory priorpolarity=negative
word1=retard priorpolarity=negative
word1=reticent priorpolarity=negative
word1=retire priorpolarity=negative
word1=retract priorpolarity=negative
word1=retreat priorpolarity=negative
word1=retreat priorpolarity=negative
word1=reunite priorpolarity=positive
word1=reveal priorpolarity=neutral
word1=revealing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=revel priorpolarity=positive
word1=revel priorpolarity=positive
word1=revel priorpolarity=positive
word1=revelation priorpolarity=positive
word1=revelation priorpolarity=positive
word1=revelatory priorpolarity=neutral
word1=revenge priorpolarity=negative
word1=revenge priorpolarity=negative
word1=revengeful priorpolarity=negative
word1=revengefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=revere priorpolarity=positive
word1=reverence priorpolarity=positive
word1=reverent priorpolarity=positive
word1=reverently priorpolarity=positive
word1=revert priorpolarity=negative
word1=revival priorpolarity=positive
word1=revive priorpolarity=positive
word1=revile priorpolarity=negative
word1=reviled priorpolarity=negative
word1=revitalize priorpolarity=positive
word1=revoke priorpolarity=negative
word1=revolt priorpolarity=negative
word1=revolting priorpolarity=negative
word1=revoltingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=revolution priorpolarity=positive
word1=revolution priorpolarity=positive
word1=revulsion priorpolarity=negative
word1=revulsive priorpolarity=negative
word1=reward priorpolarity=positive
word1=rewarding priorpolarity=positive
word1=rewardingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=rhapsodize priorpolarity=negative
word1=rhetoric priorpolarity=negative
word1=rhetoric priorpolarity=negative
word1=rhetorical priorpolarity=negative
word1=rhetorical priorpolarity=negative
word1=rich priorpolarity=positive
word1=riches priorpolarity=positive
word1=richly priorpolarity=positive
word1=richness priorpolarity=positive
word1=rid priorpolarity=negative
word1=ridicule priorpolarity=negative
word1=ridicule priorpolarity=negative
word1=ridiculous priorpolarity=negative
word1=ridiculously priorpolarity=negative
word1=rife priorpolarity=negative
word1=rift priorpolarity=negative
word1=rift priorpolarity=negative
word1=rifts priorpolarity=negative
word1=rifts priorpolarity=negative
word1=right priorpolarity=positive
word1=right priorpolarity=positive
word1=right priorpolarity=positive
word1=righten priorpolarity=positive
word1=righteous priorpolarity=positive
word1=righteously priorpolarity=positive
word1=righteousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=rightful priorpolarity=positive
word1=rightfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=rightly priorpolarity=positive
word1=rightness priorpolarity=positive
word1=rightness priorpolarity=positive
word1=rights priorpolarity=positive
word1=rights priorpolarity=positive
word1=rigid priorpolarity=negative
word1=rigor priorpolarity=negative
word1=rigorous priorpolarity=negative
word1=rile priorpolarity=negative
word1=riled priorpolarity=negative
word1=ripe priorpolarity=positive
word1=risk priorpolarity=negative
word1=risk priorpolarity=negative
word1=risk-free priorpolarity=positive
word1=risky priorpolarity=negative
word1=rival priorpolarity=negative
word1=rival priorpolarity=negative
word1=rivalry priorpolarity=negative
word1=roadblocks priorpolarity=negative
word1=roadblocks priorpolarity=negative
word1=robust priorpolarity=positive
word1=rocky priorpolarity=negative
word1=rogue priorpolarity=negative
word1=rogue priorpolarity=negative
word1=rollercoaster priorpolarity=negative
word1=rollercoaster priorpolarity=negative
word1=romantic priorpolarity=positive
word1=romantically priorpolarity=positive
word1=romanticize priorpolarity=positive
word1=rosy priorpolarity=positive
word1=rot priorpolarity=negative
word1=rot priorpolarity=negative
word1=rotten priorpolarity=negative
word1=rough priorpolarity=negative
word1=rousing priorpolarity=positive
word1=rubbish priorpolarity=negative
word1=rude priorpolarity=negative
word1=rue priorpolarity=negative
word1=rue priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruffian priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruffle priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruinous priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumbling priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumbling priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumor priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumor priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumors priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumors priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumours priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumours priorpolarity=negative
word1=rumple priorpolarity=negative
word1=run-down priorpolarity=negative
word1=runaway priorpolarity=negative
word1=rupture priorpolarity=negative
word1=rupture priorpolarity=negative
word1=rusty priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruthless priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruthlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=ruthlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=sabotage priorpolarity=negative
word1=sacred priorpolarity=positive
word1=sacrifice priorpolarity=negative
word1=sacrifice priorpolarity=negative
word1=sad priorpolarity=negative
word1=sad priorpolarity=negative
word1=sadden priorpolarity=negative
word1=sadly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sadness priorpolarity=negative
word1=safe priorpolarity=positive
word1=safeguard priorpolarity=positive
word1=sag priorpolarity=negative
word1=sagacity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sage priorpolarity=positive
word1=sagely priorpolarity=positive
word1=saint priorpolarity=positive
word1=saintliness priorpolarity=positive
word1=saintly priorpolarity=positive
word1=salable priorpolarity=positive
word1=salacious priorpolarity=negative
word1=salivate priorpolarity=positive
word1=salutary priorpolarity=positive
word1=salute priorpolarity=positive
word1=salvation priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanctimonious priorpolarity=negative
word1=sanctimonious priorpolarity=negative
word1=sanctify priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanction priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanctity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanctuary priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanctuary priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanguine priorpolarity=positive
word1=sane priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sanity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sap priorpolarity=negative
word1=sarcasm priorpolarity=negative
word1=sarcastic priorpolarity=negative
word1=sarcastically priorpolarity=negative
word1=sardonic priorpolarity=negative
word1=sardonically priorpolarity=negative
word1=sass priorpolarity=negative
word1=sass priorpolarity=negative
word1=satirical priorpolarity=negative
word1=satirize priorpolarity=negative
word1=satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word1=satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word1=satisfactorily priorpolarity=positive
word1=satisfactory priorpolarity=positive
word1=satisfy priorpolarity=positive
word1=satisfying priorpolarity=positive
word1=savage priorpolarity=negative
word1=savage priorpolarity=negative
word1=savage priorpolarity=negative
word1=savaged priorpolarity=negative
word1=savagely priorpolarity=negative
word1=savagery priorpolarity=negative
word1=savages priorpolarity=negative
word1=savor priorpolarity=positive
word1=savvy priorpolarity=positive
word1=scandal priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandal priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandalized priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandalous priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandalously priorpolarity=negative
word1=scandals priorpolarity=negative
word1=scant priorpolarity=negative
word1=scapegoat priorpolarity=negative
word1=scar priorpolarity=negative
word1=scar priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarred priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarce priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarcely priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarcity priorpolarity=negative
word1=scare priorpolarity=negative
word1=scared priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarier priorpolarity=negative
word1=scariest priorpolarity=negative
word1=scarily priorpolarity=negative
word1=scars priorpolarity=negative
word1=scars priorpolarity=negative
word1=scary priorpolarity=negative
word1=scary priorpolarity=negative
word1=scathing priorpolarity=negative
word1=scathingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=scenic priorpolarity=positive
word1=scheme priorpolarity=negative
word1=scheme priorpolarity=negative
word1=scheming priorpolarity=negative
word1=scholarly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=scoff priorpolarity=negative
word1=scoffingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=scold priorpolarity=negative
word1=scolding priorpolarity=negative
word1=scoldingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=scorching priorpolarity=negative
word1=scorchingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=scorn priorpolarity=negative
word1=scornful priorpolarity=negative
word1=scornfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=scoundrel priorpolarity=negative
word1=scourge priorpolarity=negative
word1=scowl priorpolarity=negative
word1=scowl priorpolarity=negative
word1=scream priorpolarity=negative
word1=screaming priorpolarity=neutral
word1=screamingly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=screech priorpolarity=negative
word1=screech priorpolarity=negative
word1=screw priorpolarity=negative
word1=scruples priorpolarity=positive
word1=scrupulous priorpolarity=positive
word1=scrupulously priorpolarity=positive
word1=scrutinize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=scrutiny priorpolarity=neutral
word1=scrutiny priorpolarity=neutral
word1=scum priorpolarity=negative
word1=scummy priorpolarity=negative
word1=seamless priorpolarity=positive
word1=seasoned priorpolarity=positive
word1=second-class priorpolarity=negative
word1=second-tier priorpolarity=negative
word1=secretive priorpolarity=negative
word1=secretive priorpolarity=negative
word1=secure priorpolarity=positive
word1=securely priorpolarity=positive
word1=security priorpolarity=positive
word1=security priorpolarity=positive
word1=sedentary priorpolarity=negative
word1=seductive priorpolarity=positive
word1=seedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=seem priorpolarity=neutral
word1=seemingly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=seethe priorpolarity=negative
word1=seething priorpolarity=negative
word1=selective priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-coup priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-coup priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-criticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-criticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-defeating priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-destructive priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-determination priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-determination priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-examination priorpolarity=neutral
word1=self-examination priorpolarity=neutral
word1=self-humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-interest priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-interest priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-interested priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-respect priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-serving priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-serving priorpolarity=negative
word1=self-sufficiency priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-sufficiency priorpolarity=positive
word1=self-sufficient priorpolarity=positive
word1=selfinterested priorpolarity=negative
word1=selfish priorpolarity=negative
word1=selfishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=selfishness priorpolarity=negative
word1=semblance priorpolarity=positive
word1=senile priorpolarity=negative
word1=sensation priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensation priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensational priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensationalize priorpolarity=negative
word1=sensationally priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensations priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensations priorpolarity=positive
word1=sense priorpolarity=positive
word1=sense priorpolarity=positive
word1=sense priorpolarity=positive
word1=senseless priorpolarity=negative
word1=senselessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sensible priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensibly priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensitive priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensitively priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensitivity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sensitivity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sentiment priorpolarity=positive
word1=sentiment priorpolarity=positive
word1=sentimentality priorpolarity=positive
word1=sentimentally priorpolarity=positive
word1=sentiments priorpolarity=positive
word1=serene priorpolarity=positive
word1=serenity priorpolarity=positive
word1=serious priorpolarity=negative
word1=seriously priorpolarity=negative
word1=seriousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=sermonize priorpolarity=negative
word1=servitude priorpolarity=negative
word1=settle priorpolarity=positive
word1=set-up priorpolarity=negative
word1=set-up priorpolarity=negative
word1=sever priorpolarity=negative
word1=severe priorpolarity=negative
word1=severe priorpolarity=negative
word1=severely priorpolarity=negative
word1=severity priorpolarity=negative
word1=sexy priorpolarity=positive
word1=shabby priorpolarity=negative
word1=shadow priorpolarity=negative
word1=shadowy priorpolarity=negative
word1=shady priorpolarity=negative
word1=shake priorpolarity=negative
word1=shaky priorpolarity=negative
word1=shallow priorpolarity=negative
word1=sham priorpolarity=negative
word1=shambles priorpolarity=negative
word1=shame priorpolarity=negative
word1=shame priorpolarity=negative
word1=shameful priorpolarity=negative
word1=shameful priorpolarity=negative
word1=shamefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=shamefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=shamefulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=shameless priorpolarity=negative
word1=shamelessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=shamelessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=shark priorpolarity=negative
word1=sharp priorpolarity=negative
word1=sharply priorpolarity=negative
word1=shatter priorpolarity=negative
word1=sheer priorpolarity=negative
word1=shelter priorpolarity=positive
word1=shelter priorpolarity=positive
word1=shield priorpolarity=positive
word1=shimmer priorpolarity=positive
word1=shimmering priorpolarity=positive
word1=shimmeringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=shine priorpolarity=positive
word1=shiny priorpolarity=positive
word1=shiny priorpolarity=positive
word1=shirk priorpolarity=negative
word1=shirker priorpolarity=negative
word1=shipwreck priorpolarity=negative
word1=shiver priorpolarity=negative
word1=shock priorpolarity=negative
word1=shock priorpolarity=negative
word1=shock priorpolarity=negative
word1=shocking priorpolarity=negative
word1=shockingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=shoddy priorpolarity=negative
word1=short-lived priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortage priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortchange priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortcoming priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortcomings priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortsighted priorpolarity=negative
word1=shortsightedness priorpolarity=negative
word1=should priorpolarity=neutral
word1=show priorpolarity=neutral
word1=showdown priorpolarity=negative
word1=showdown priorpolarity=negative
word1=shred priorpolarity=negative
word1=shred priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrew priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrewd priorpolarity=positive
word1=shrewdly priorpolarity=positive
word1=shrewdness priorpolarity=positive
word1=shriek priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrill priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrill priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrilly priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrivel priorpolarity=negative
word1=shroud priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrouded priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrug priorpolarity=negative
word1=shrug priorpolarity=negative
word1=shun priorpolarity=negative
word1=shunned priorpolarity=negative
word1=shy priorpolarity=negative
word1=shyly priorpolarity=negative
word1=shyness priorpolarity=negative
word1=sick priorpolarity=negative
word1=sicken priorpolarity=negative
word1=sickly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sickening priorpolarity=negative
word1=sickening priorpolarity=negative
word1=sickeningly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sickness priorpolarity=negative
word1=sidetrack priorpolarity=negative
word1=sidetracked priorpolarity=negative
word1=siege priorpolarity=negative
word1=signals priorpolarity=neutral
word1=signals priorpolarity=neutral
word1=significant priorpolarity=positive
word1=significance priorpolarity=positive
word1=signify priorpolarity=positive
word1=sillily priorpolarity=negative
word1=silly priorpolarity=negative
word1=simmer priorpolarity=negative
word1=simple priorpolarity=positive
word1=simplicity priorpolarity=positive
word1=simplified priorpolarity=positive
word1=simplify priorpolarity=positive
word1=simplistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=simplistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=simplistically priorpolarity=negative
word1=simply priorpolarity=neutral
word1=sin priorpolarity=negative
word1=sin priorpolarity=negative
word1=sinful priorpolarity=negative
word1=sinfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=sincere priorpolarity=positive
word1=sincerely priorpolarity=positive
word1=sincerity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sincerity priorpolarity=positive
word1=sinister priorpolarity=negative
word1=sinisterly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sinking priorpolarity=negative
word1=sinking priorpolarity=negative
word1=skeletons priorpolarity=negative
word1=skeletons priorpolarity=negative
word1=skeptical priorpolarity=negative
word1=skeptical priorpolarity=negative
word1=skeptically priorpolarity=negative
word1=skepticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=skepticism priorpolarity=negative
word1=sketchy priorpolarity=negative
word1=skill priorpolarity=positive
word1=skilled priorpolarity=positive
word1=skillful priorpolarity=positive
word1=skillful priorpolarity=positive
word1=skillfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=skimpy priorpolarity=negative
word1=skittish priorpolarity=negative
word1=skittish priorpolarity=negative
word1=skittishly priorpolarity=negative
word1=skulk priorpolarity=negative
word1=skyrocketing priorpolarity=negative
word1=slack priorpolarity=negative
word1=slander priorpolarity=negative
word1=slander priorpolarity=negative
word1=slanderer priorpolarity=negative
word1=slanderous priorpolarity=negative
word1=slanderously priorpolarity=negative
word1=slanders priorpolarity=negative
word1=slanders priorpolarity=negative
word1=slap priorpolarity=negative
word1=slashing priorpolarity=negative
word1=slashing priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaughtered priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaves priorpolarity=negative
word1=slaves priorpolarity=negative
word1=sleazy priorpolarity=negative
word1=sleek priorpolarity=positive
word1=sleepy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=slender priorpolarity=positive
word1=slight priorpolarity=negative
word1=slight priorpolarity=negative
word1=slight priorpolarity=negative
word1=slightly priorpolarity=negative
word1=slim priorpolarity=positive
word1=slim priorpolarity=positive
word1=slime priorpolarity=negative
word1=sloppy priorpolarity=negative
word1=sloppily priorpolarity=negative
word1=sloth priorpolarity=negative
word1=slothful priorpolarity=negative
word1=slow priorpolarity=negative
word1=slowly priorpolarity=negative
word1=slow-moving priorpolarity=negative
word1=slug priorpolarity=negative
word1=sluggish priorpolarity=negative
word1=slump priorpolarity=negative
word1=slump priorpolarity=negative
word1=slur priorpolarity=negative
word1=sly priorpolarity=negative
word1=smack priorpolarity=negative
word1=smack priorpolarity=negative
word1=smart priorpolarity=positive
word1=smart priorpolarity=positive
word1=smarter priorpolarity=positive
word1=smartest priorpolarity=positive
word1=smartly priorpolarity=positive
word1=smash priorpolarity=negative
word1=smash priorpolarity=negative
word1=smear priorpolarity=negative
word1=smelling priorpolarity=negative
word1=smile priorpolarity=positive
word1=smile priorpolarity=positive
word1=smiling priorpolarity=positive
word1=smilingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=smitten priorpolarity=positive
word1=smokescreen priorpolarity=negative
word1=smokescreen priorpolarity=negative
word1=smolder priorpolarity=negative
word1=smoldering priorpolarity=negative
word1=smooth priorpolarity=positive
word1=smother priorpolarity=negative
word1=smoulder priorpolarity=negative
word1=smouldering priorpolarity=negative
word1=smug priorpolarity=negative
word1=smugly priorpolarity=negative
word1=smut priorpolarity=negative
word1=smuttier priorpolarity=negative
word1=smuttiest priorpolarity=negative
word1=smutty priorpolarity=negative
word1=snare priorpolarity=negative
word1=snarl priorpolarity=negative
word1=snarl priorpolarity=negative
word1=snatch priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneak priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneak priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneakily priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneaky priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneer priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneer priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneering priorpolarity=negative
word1=sneeringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=snub priorpolarity=negative
word1=so priorpolarity=neutral
word1=so-cal priorpolarity=negative
word1=so-called priorpolarity=negative
word1=sob priorpolarity=negative
word1=sober priorpolarity=negative
word1=sober priorpolarity=negative
word1=sobering priorpolarity=negative
word1=sociable priorpolarity=positive
word1=soft-spoken priorpolarity=positive
word1=soften priorpolarity=positive
word1=soften priorpolarity=positive
word1=soften priorpolarity=positive
word1=solace priorpolarity=positive
word1=solemn priorpolarity=negative
word1=solemn priorpolarity=negative
word1=solicitous priorpolarity=positive
word1=solicitously priorpolarity=positive
word1=solicitude priorpolarity=positive
word1=solid priorpolarity=positive
word1=solid priorpolarity=positive
word1=solidarity priorpolarity=positive
word1=solidarity priorpolarity=positive
word1=soliloquize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=somber priorpolarity=negative
word1=soothe priorpolarity=positive
word1=soothingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=sophisticated priorpolarity=positive
word1=sore priorpolarity=negative
word1=sore priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorely priorpolarity=negative
word1=soreness priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorrow priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorrow priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorrowful priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorrowfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=sorry priorpolarity=negative
word1=sound priorpolarity=positive
word1=sounding priorpolarity=negative
word1=soundness priorpolarity=positive
word1=sour priorpolarity=negative
word1=sourly priorpolarity=negative
word1=sovereignty priorpolarity=neutral
word1=sovereignty priorpolarity=neutral
word1=spacious priorpolarity=positive
word1=spade priorpolarity=negative
word1=spade priorpolarity=negative
word1=spank priorpolarity=negative
word1=spare priorpolarity=positive
word1=sparing priorpolarity=positive
word1=sparingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=sparkle priorpolarity=positive
word1=sparkling priorpolarity=positive
word1=specific priorpolarity=neutral
word1=specifically priorpolarity=neutral
word1=special priorpolarity=positive
word1=spectacular priorpolarity=positive
word1=spectacularly priorpolarity=positive
word1=speculate priorpolarity=neutral
word1=speculation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=speculation priorpolarity=neutral
word1=speedy priorpolarity=positive
word1=spellbind priorpolarity=positive
word1=spellbinding priorpolarity=positive
word1=spellbindingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=spellbound priorpolarity=positive
word1=spilling priorpolarity=negative
word1=spilling priorpolarity=negative
word1=spinster priorpolarity=negative
word1=spirit priorpolarity=positive
word1=spirit priorpolarity=positive
word1=spirited priorpolarity=positive
word1=spiritless priorpolarity=negative
word1=spiritual priorpolarity=positive
word1=spiritual priorpolarity=positive
word1=spite priorpolarity=negative
word1=spiteful priorpolarity=negative
word1=spitefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=spitefulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=splayed-finger priorpolarity=neutral
word1=splayed-finger priorpolarity=neutral
word1=splendid priorpolarity=positive
word1=splendidly priorpolarity=positive
word1=splendor priorpolarity=positive
word1=split priorpolarity=negative
word1=split priorpolarity=negative
word1=splitting priorpolarity=negative
word1=spoil priorpolarity=negative
word1=spook priorpolarity=negative
word1=spookier priorpolarity=negative
word1=spookiest priorpolarity=negative
word1=spookily priorpolarity=negative
word1=spooky priorpolarity=negative
word1=spooky priorpolarity=negative
word1=spoon-fed priorpolarity=negative
word1=spoon-feed priorpolarity=negative
word1=spoonfed priorpolarity=negative
word1=sporadic priorpolarity=negative
word1=spot priorpolarity=negative
word1=spotless priorpolarity=positive
word1=spotty priorpolarity=negative
word1=sprightly priorpolarity=positive
word1=spur priorpolarity=positive
word1=spurious priorpolarity=negative
word1=spurn priorpolarity=negative
word1=sputter priorpolarity=negative
word1=squabble priorpolarity=negative
word1=squabbling priorpolarity=negative
word1=squander priorpolarity=negative
word1=squarely priorpolarity=positive
word1=squash priorpolarity=negative
word1=squirm priorpolarity=negative
word1=stab priorpolarity=negative
word1=stability priorpolarity=positive
word1=stability priorpolarity=positive
word1=stabilize priorpolarity=positive
word1=stable priorpolarity=positive
word1=stable priorpolarity=positive
word1=stagger priorpolarity=negative
word1=staggering priorpolarity=negative
word1=staggeringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stagnant priorpolarity=negative
word1=stagnate priorpolarity=negative
word1=stagnation priorpolarity=negative
word1=staid priorpolarity=negative
word1=stain priorpolarity=negative
word1=stainless priorpolarity=positive
word1=stake priorpolarity=negative
word1=stake priorpolarity=negative
word1=stale priorpolarity=negative
word1=stalemate priorpolarity=negative
word1=stammer priorpolarity=negative
word1=stampede priorpolarity=negative
word1=stampede priorpolarity=negative
word1=stance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stance priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stand priorpolarity=positive
word1=stands priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stands priorpolarity=neutral
word1=standstill priorpolarity=negative
word1=star priorpolarity=positive
word1=star priorpolarity=positive
word1=stark priorpolarity=negative
word1=starkly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stars priorpolarity=positive
word1=stars priorpolarity=positive
word1=startle priorpolarity=negative
word1=startling priorpolarity=negative
word1=startlingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=starvation priorpolarity=negative
word1=starve priorpolarity=negative
word1=stately priorpolarity=positive
word1=statements priorpolarity=neutral
word1=statements priorpolarity=neutral
word1=static priorpolarity=negative
word1=statuesque priorpolarity=positive
word1=staunch priorpolarity=positive
word1=staunchly priorpolarity=positive
word1=staunchness priorpolarity=positive
word1=steadfast priorpolarity=positive
word1=steadfastly priorpolarity=positive
word1=steadfastness priorpolarity=positive
word1=steadiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=steady priorpolarity=positive
word1=steal priorpolarity=negative
word1=stealing priorpolarity=negative
word1=steep priorpolarity=negative
word1=steeply priorpolarity=negative
word1=stellar priorpolarity=positive
word1=stellarly priorpolarity=positive
word1=stench priorpolarity=negative
word1=stereotype priorpolarity=negative
word1=stereotypical priorpolarity=negative
word1=stereotypically priorpolarity=negative
word1=stern priorpolarity=negative
word1=stern priorpolarity=negative
word1=stew priorpolarity=negative
word1=sticky priorpolarity=negative
word1=stiff priorpolarity=negative
word1=stifle priorpolarity=negative
word1=stifling priorpolarity=negative
word1=stiflingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stigma priorpolarity=negative
word1=stigma priorpolarity=negative
word1=stigmatize priorpolarity=negative
word1=still priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stimulate priorpolarity=positive
word1=stimulating priorpolarity=positive
word1=stimulative priorpolarity=positive
word1=sting priorpolarity=negative
word1=sting priorpolarity=negative
word1=sting priorpolarity=negative
word1=stinging priorpolarity=negative
word1=stingingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stink priorpolarity=negative
word1=stink priorpolarity=negative
word1=stinking priorpolarity=negative
word1=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stirring priorpolarity=positive
word1=stirringly priorpolarity=positive
word1=stodgy priorpolarity=negative
word1=stole priorpolarity=negative
word1=stolen priorpolarity=negative
word1=stolen priorpolarity=negative
word1=stood priorpolarity=positive
word1=stooge priorpolarity=negative
word1=stooges priorpolarity=negative
word1=stooges priorpolarity=negative
word1=storm priorpolarity=negative
word1=stormy priorpolarity=negative
word1=straggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=straggler priorpolarity=negative
word1=straight priorpolarity=positive
word1=straightforward priorpolarity=positive
word1=strain priorpolarity=negative
word1=strain priorpolarity=negative
word1=strained priorpolarity=negative
word1=strange priorpolarity=negative
word1=strange priorpolarity=negative
word1=strangely priorpolarity=negative
word1=stranger priorpolarity=negative
word1=strangest priorpolarity=negative
word1=strangle priorpolarity=negative
word1=streamlined priorpolarity=positive
word1=strength priorpolarity=neutral
word1=strength priorpolarity=neutral
word1=strenuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=stress priorpolarity=negative
word1=stress priorpolarity=negative
word1=stressful priorpolarity=negative
word1=stressfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=stricken priorpolarity=negative
word1=strict priorpolarity=negative
word1=strictly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stride priorpolarity=positive
word1=stride priorpolarity=positive
word1=strident priorpolarity=negative
word1=stridently priorpolarity=negative
word1=strides priorpolarity=positive
word1=strides priorpolarity=positive
word1=strife priorpolarity=negative
word1=strike priorpolarity=negative
word1=striking priorpolarity=positive
word1=strikingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=stringent priorpolarity=negative
word1=stringently priorpolarity=negative
word1=striving priorpolarity=positive
word1=striving priorpolarity=positive
word1=strong priorpolarity=positive
word1=stronger-than-expected priorpolarity=neutral
word1=struck priorpolarity=negative
word1=struggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=struggle priorpolarity=negative
word1=strut priorpolarity=negative
word1=stubborn priorpolarity=negative
word1=stubbornly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stubbornness priorpolarity=negative
word1=studious priorpolarity=positive
word1=studiously priorpolarity=positive
word1=stuffed priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stuffy priorpolarity=negative
word1=stumble priorpolarity=negative
word1=stump priorpolarity=negative
word1=stun priorpolarity=negative
word1=stunned priorpolarity=positive
word1=stunning priorpolarity=positive
word1=stunningly priorpolarity=positive
word1=stunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=stunted priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupefy priorpolarity=neutral
word1=stupendous priorpolarity=positive
word1=stupendously priorpolarity=positive
word1=stupid priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupidity priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupidly priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupified priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupify priorpolarity=negative
word1=stupor priorpolarity=negative
word1=sturdy priorpolarity=positive
word1=sty priorpolarity=negative
word1=sty priorpolarity=negative
word1=stylish priorpolarity=positive
word1=stylishly priorpolarity=positive
word1=suave priorpolarity=positive
word1=subdued priorpolarity=negative
word1=subjected priorpolarity=negative
word1=subjection priorpolarity=negative
word1=subjugate priorpolarity=negative
word1=subjugate priorpolarity=negative
word1=subjugation priorpolarity=negative
word1=sublime priorpolarity=positive
word1=submissive priorpolarity=negative
word1=subordinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=subordinate priorpolarity=negative
word1=subscribe priorpolarity=positive
word1=subservience priorpolarity=negative
word1=subservient priorpolarity=negative
word1=subside priorpolarity=negative
word1=substandard priorpolarity=negative
word1=substantial priorpolarity=positive
word1=substantially priorpolarity=positive
word1=substantive priorpolarity=positive
word1=subtle priorpolarity=positive
word1=subtract priorpolarity=negative
word1=subversion priorpolarity=negative
word1=subversive priorpolarity=negative
word1=subversively priorpolarity=negative
word1=subvert priorpolarity=negative
word1=succeed priorpolarity=positive
word1=success priorpolarity=positive
word1=success priorpolarity=positive
word1=successful priorpolarity=positive
word1=successfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=succumb priorpolarity=negative
word1=such priorpolarity=neutral
word1=sucker priorpolarity=negative
word1=suffer priorpolarity=negative
word1=sufferer priorpolarity=negative
word1=sufferers priorpolarity=negative
word1=sufferers priorpolarity=negative
word1=suffering priorpolarity=negative
word1=suffering priorpolarity=negative
word1=suffice priorpolarity=positive
word1=sufficient priorpolarity=positive
word1=sufficiently priorpolarity=positive
word1=suffocate priorpolarity=negative
word1=sugar-coat priorpolarity=negative
word1=sugar-coated priorpolarity=negative
word1=sugarcoated priorpolarity=negative
word1=suggest priorpolarity=positive
word1=suggestions priorpolarity=positive
word1=suggestions priorpolarity=positive
word1=suicidal priorpolarity=negative
word1=suicide priorpolarity=negative
word1=suit priorpolarity=positive
word1=suitable priorpolarity=positive
word1=sulk priorpolarity=negative
word1=sullen priorpolarity=negative
word1=sully priorpolarity=negative
word1=sumptuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=sumptuously priorpolarity=positive
word1=sumptuousness priorpolarity=positive
word1=sunder priorpolarity=negative
word1=sunny priorpolarity=positive
word1=super priorpolarity=positive
word1=superb priorpolarity=positive
word1=superbly priorpolarity=positive
word1=superficial priorpolarity=negative
word1=superficial priorpolarity=negative
word1=superficiality priorpolarity=negative
word1=superficially priorpolarity=negative
word1=superfluous priorpolarity=negative
word1=superior priorpolarity=positive
word1=superiority priorpolarity=negative
word1=superiority priorpolarity=negative
word1=superlative priorpolarity=positive
word1=superstition priorpolarity=negative
word1=superstitious priorpolarity=negative
word1=support priorpolarity=positive
word1=support priorpolarity=positive
word1=support priorpolarity=positive
word1=supporter priorpolarity=positive
word1=supporter priorpolarity=positive
word1=supportive priorpolarity=positive
word1=supportive priorpolarity=positive
word1=suppose priorpolarity=neutral
word1=supposed priorpolarity=negative
word1=supposing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=suppress priorpolarity=negative
word1=suppression priorpolarity=negative
word1=suppression priorpolarity=negative
word1=supremacy priorpolarity=negative
word1=supremacy priorpolarity=negative
word1=supreme priorpolarity=positive
word1=supremely priorpolarity=positive
word1=supurb priorpolarity=positive
word1=supurbly priorpolarity=positive
word1=sure priorpolarity=positive
word1=surely priorpolarity=positive
word1=surge priorpolarity=positive
word1=surging priorpolarity=positive
word1=surmise priorpolarity=positive
word1=surmount priorpolarity=positive
word1=surpass priorpolarity=positive
word1=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word1=surprising priorpolarity=neutral
word1=surprisingly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=surrender priorpolarity=negative
word1=surrender priorpolarity=negative
word1=survival priorpolarity=positive
word1=survive priorpolarity=positive
word1=survivor priorpolarity=positive
word1=susceptible priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspect priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspect priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicion priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicion priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicions priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicions priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=suspiciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=sustainability priorpolarity=positive
word1=sustainability priorpolarity=positive
word1=sustainable priorpolarity=positive
word1=sustainable priorpolarity=positive
word1=sustained priorpolarity=positive
word1=swagger priorpolarity=negative
word1=swamped priorpolarity=negative
word1=swear priorpolarity=negative
word1=sweeping priorpolarity=positive
word1=sweet priorpolarity=positive
word1=sweeten priorpolarity=positive
word1=sweetheart priorpolarity=positive
word1=sweetly priorpolarity=positive
word1=sweetness priorpolarity=positive
word1=swift priorpolarity=positive
word1=swiftness priorpolarity=positive
word1=swindle priorpolarity=negative
word1=swing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=swing priorpolarity=neutral
word1=swipe priorpolarity=negative
word1=swipe priorpolarity=negative
word1=swoon priorpolarity=negative
word1=swore priorpolarity=negative
word1=sworn priorpolarity=positive
word1=sympathetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathetic priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathetically priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathies priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathies priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathize priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathy priorpolarity=negative
word1=sympathy priorpolarity=negative
word1=symptom priorpolarity=negative
word1=syndrome priorpolarity=negative
word1=syndrome priorpolarity=negative
word1=systematic priorpolarity=neutral
word1=taboo priorpolarity=negative
word1=taboo priorpolarity=negative
word1=tact priorpolarity=positive
word1=taint priorpolarity=negative
word1=tainted priorpolarity=negative
word1=tale priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tale priorpolarity=neutral
word1=talent priorpolarity=positive
word1=talent priorpolarity=positive
word1=talented priorpolarity=positive
word1=tall priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tamper priorpolarity=negative
word1=tangled priorpolarity=negative
word1=tantalize priorpolarity=positive
word1=tantalizing priorpolarity=positive
word1=tantalizingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=tantamount priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tantrum priorpolarity=negative
word1=tardy priorpolarity=negative
word1=tarnish priorpolarity=negative
word1=taste priorpolarity=positive
word1=taste priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tattered priorpolarity=negative
word1=taunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=taunt priorpolarity=negative
word1=taunting priorpolarity=negative
word1=tauntingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=taunts priorpolarity=negative
word1=tawdry priorpolarity=negative
word1=tease priorpolarity=negative
word1=teasingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=taxing priorpolarity=negative
word1=tedious priorpolarity=negative
word1=tediously priorpolarity=negative
word1=temerity priorpolarity=negative
word1=temper priorpolarity=negative
word1=temper priorpolarity=negative
word1=temperance priorpolarity=positive
word1=temperate priorpolarity=positive
word1=tempest priorpolarity=negative
word1=tempt priorpolarity=positive
word1=temptation priorpolarity=negative
word1=tempting priorpolarity=positive
word1=temptingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=tenacious priorpolarity=positive
word1=tenaciously priorpolarity=positive
word1=tenacity priorpolarity=positive
word1=tendency priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tendency priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tender priorpolarity=positive
word1=tenderly priorpolarity=positive
word1=tenderness priorpolarity=positive
word1=tense priorpolarity=negative
word1=tension priorpolarity=negative
word1=tension priorpolarity=negative
word1=tentative priorpolarity=negative
word1=tentatively priorpolarity=negative
word1=tenuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=tenuously priorpolarity=negative
word1=tepid priorpolarity=negative
word1=terrible priorpolarity=negative
word1=terrible priorpolarity=negative
word1=terribleness priorpolarity=negative
word1=terribly priorpolarity=negative
word1=terrific priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrific priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrifically priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrified priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrify priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrifying priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrifying priorpolarity=positive
word1=terrifyingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=terror priorpolarity=negative
word1=terror-genic priorpolarity=negative
word1=terror-genic priorpolarity=negative
word1=terrorism priorpolarity=negative
word1=terrorize priorpolarity=negative
word1=thank priorpolarity=positive
word1=thankful priorpolarity=positive
word1=thankfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=thankless priorpolarity=negative
word1=theoretize priorpolarity=neutral
word1=therefore priorpolarity=neutral
word1=think priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thinkable priorpolarity=positive
word1=thinkable priorpolarity=positive
word1=thinking priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thinking priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thirst priorpolarity=negative
word1=thirst priorpolarity=negative
word1=thorny priorpolarity=negative
word1=thorny priorpolarity=negative
word1=thorough priorpolarity=positive
word1=though priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thought priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thought priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thoughtful priorpolarity=positive
word1=thoughtfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=thoughtfulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=thoughtless priorpolarity=negative
word1=thoughtlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=thoughtlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=thrash priorpolarity=negative
word1=threat priorpolarity=negative
word1=threat priorpolarity=negative
word1=threaten priorpolarity=negative
word1=threatening priorpolarity=negative
word1=threatening priorpolarity=negative
word1=threats priorpolarity=negative
word1=threats priorpolarity=negative
word1=thrift priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrifty priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrill priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrill priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrilling priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrillingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrills priorpolarity=positive
word1=thrive priorpolarity=positive
word1=thriving priorpolarity=positive
word1=throttle priorpolarity=negative
word1=throw priorpolarity=negative
word1=thumb priorpolarity=negative
word1=thumbs priorpolarity=negative
word1=thumbs priorpolarity=negative
word1=thus priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thusly priorpolarity=neutral
word1=thwart priorpolarity=negative
word1=tickle priorpolarity=positive
word1=tidy priorpolarity=positive
word1=time-honored priorpolarity=positive
word1=timely priorpolarity=positive
word1=timid priorpolarity=negative
word1=timidity priorpolarity=negative
word1=timidly priorpolarity=negative
word1=timidness priorpolarity=negative
word1=tingle priorpolarity=positive
word1=tint priorpolarity=neutral
word1=tiny priorpolarity=negative
word1=tire priorpolarity=negative
word1=tired priorpolarity=negative
word1=tiresome priorpolarity=negative
word1=tiring priorpolarity=negative
word1=tiring priorpolarity=negative
word1=tiringly priorpolarity=negative
word1=titillate priorpolarity=positive
word1=titillating priorpolarity=positive
word1=titillatingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=toast priorpolarity=positive
word1=togetherness priorpolarity=positive
word1=toil priorpolarity=negative
word1=tolerable priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerably priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerance priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerance priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerant priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=tolerate priorpolarity=positive
word1=toleration priorpolarity=positive
word1=toll priorpolarity=negative
word1=toll priorpolarity=negative
word1=too priorpolarity=negative
word1=top priorpolarity=positive
word1=topple priorpolarity=negative
word1=torment priorpolarity=negative
word1=torment priorpolarity=negative
word1=tormented priorpolarity=negative
word1=torrent priorpolarity=negative
word1=torrid priorpolarity=positive
word1=torridly priorpolarity=positive
word1=torture priorpolarity=negative
word1=torture priorpolarity=negative
word1=tortured priorpolarity=negative
word1=tortuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=torturous priorpolarity=negative
word1=torturously priorpolarity=negative
word1=totalitarian priorpolarity=negative
word1=tradition priorpolarity=positive
word1=traditional priorpolarity=positive
word1=touch priorpolarity=neutral
word1=touches priorpolarity=neutral
word1=touches priorpolarity=neutral
word1=touchy priorpolarity=negative
word1=toughness priorpolarity=negative
word1=toughness priorpolarity=negative
word1=toxic priorpolarity=negative
word1=traduce priorpolarity=negative
word1=tragedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=tragedy priorpolarity=negative
word1=tragic priorpolarity=negative
word1=tragically priorpolarity=negative
word1=traitor priorpolarity=negative
word1=traitorous priorpolarity=negative
word1=traitorously priorpolarity=negative
word1=traitorously priorpolarity=negative
word1=tramp priorpolarity=negative
word1=trample priorpolarity=negative
word1=tranquil priorpolarity=positive
word1=tranquility priorpolarity=positive
word1=tranquility priorpolarity=positive
word1=transgress priorpolarity=negative
word1=transgression priorpolarity=negative
word1=transparency priorpolarity=neutral
word1=transparency priorpolarity=neutral
word1=transparent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=transparent priorpolarity=neutral
word1=transport priorpolarity=neutral
word1=trauma priorpolarity=negative
word1=trauma priorpolarity=negative
word1=traumatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=traumatic priorpolarity=negative
word1=traumatically priorpolarity=negative
word1=traumatize priorpolarity=negative
word1=traumatized priorpolarity=negative
word1=travesties priorpolarity=negative
word1=travesty priorpolarity=negative
word1=travesty priorpolarity=negative
word1=treacherous priorpolarity=negative
word1=treacherously priorpolarity=negative
word1=treachery priorpolarity=negative
word1=treason priorpolarity=negative
word1=treasonous priorpolarity=negative
word1=treasure priorpolarity=positive
word1=treat priorpolarity=positive
word1=tremendous priorpolarity=positive
word1=tremendously priorpolarity=positive
word1=trendy priorpolarity=positive
word1=trepidation priorpolarity=positive
word1=trial priorpolarity=negative
word1=tribute priorpolarity=positive
word1=trick priorpolarity=negative
word1=trick priorpolarity=negative
word1=tricky priorpolarity=negative
word1=tricky priorpolarity=negative
word1=trickery priorpolarity=negative
word1=trim priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumph priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumph priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumphal priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumphant priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumphant priorpolarity=positive
word1=triumphantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=trivial priorpolarity=negative
word1=trivial priorpolarity=negative
word1=trivialize priorpolarity=negative
word1=trivially priorpolarity=negative
word1=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word1=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word1=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word1=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublemaker priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublemaker priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublesome priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublesomely priorpolarity=negative
word1=troubling priorpolarity=negative
word1=troublingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=truant priorpolarity=negative
word1=truculent priorpolarity=positive
word1=truculently priorpolarity=positive
word1=true priorpolarity=positive
word1=truly priorpolarity=positive
word1=trump priorpolarity=positive
word1=trumpet priorpolarity=positive
word1=trust priorpolarity=positive
word1=trust priorpolarity=positive
word1=trust priorpolarity=positive
word1=trusting priorpolarity=positive
word1=trustingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=trustworthiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=trustworthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=truth priorpolarity=positive
word1=truthful priorpolarity=positive
word1=truthfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=truthfulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=try priorpolarity=negative
word1=trying priorpolarity=negative
word1=tumultuous priorpolarity=negative
word1=turbulent priorpolarity=negative
word1=turmoil priorpolarity=negative
word1=twinkly priorpolarity=positive
word1=twist priorpolarity=negative
word1=twist priorpolarity=negative
word1=twisted priorpolarity=negative
word1=twists priorpolarity=negative
word1=twists priorpolarity=negative
word1=tyrannical priorpolarity=negative
word1=tyrannically priorpolarity=negative
word1=tyranny priorpolarity=negative
word1=tyrant priorpolarity=negative
word1=ugh priorpolarity=negative
word1=ugliness priorpolarity=negative
word1=ugliness priorpolarity=negative
word1=ugly priorpolarity=negative
word1=ulterior priorpolarity=negative
word1=ultimate priorpolarity=positive
word1=ultimately priorpolarity=positive
word1=ultimatum priorpolarity=negative
word1=ultimatums priorpolarity=negative
word1=ultimatums priorpolarity=negative
word1=ultra priorpolarity=positive
word1=ultra-hardline priorpolarity=negative
word1=ultra-hardline priorpolarity=negative
word1=unabashed priorpolarity=positive
word1=unabashedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=unable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unacceptable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unacceptablely priorpolarity=negative
word1=unaccustomed priorpolarity=negative
word1=unanimous priorpolarity=positive
word1=unassailable priorpolarity=positive
word1=unassailable priorpolarity=positive
word1=unattractive priorpolarity=negative
word1=unaudited priorpolarity=neutral
word1=unauthentic priorpolarity=negative
word1=unavailable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unavoidable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unavoidably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unbiased priorpolarity=positive
word1=unbearable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unbearablely priorpolarity=negative
word1=unbelievable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unbelievably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unbosom priorpolarity=positive
word1=unbound priorpolarity=positive
word1=unbroken priorpolarity=positive
word1=uncertain priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncivil priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncivilized priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncivilized priorpolarity=negative
word1=unclean priorpolarity=negative
word1=unclear priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncollectible priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncomfortable priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncommon priorpolarity=positive
word1=uncommonly priorpolarity=positive
word1=uncompetitive priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncompromising priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncompromisingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unconcerned priorpolarity=positive
word1=unconditional priorpolarity=positive
word1=unconfirmed priorpolarity=negative
word1=unconstitutional priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncontrolled priorpolarity=negative
word1=unconventional priorpolarity=positive
word1=unconvincing priorpolarity=negative
word1=unconvincingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=uncouth priorpolarity=negative
word1=undaunted priorpolarity=positive
word1=undecided priorpolarity=negative
word1=undefined priorpolarity=negative
word1=undependability priorpolarity=negative
word1=undependable priorpolarity=negative
word1=underdog priorpolarity=negative
word1=underdog priorpolarity=negative
word1=underestimate priorpolarity=negative
word1=underlings priorpolarity=negative
word1=underlings priorpolarity=negative
word1=undermine priorpolarity=negative
word1=underpaid priorpolarity=negative
word1=understand priorpolarity=positive
word1=understandable priorpolarity=positive
word1=understanding priorpolarity=positive
word1=understanding priorpolarity=positive
word1=understood priorpolarity=positive
word1=understate priorpolarity=positive
word1=understated priorpolarity=positive
word1=understatedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=undesirable priorpolarity=negative
word1=undetermined priorpolarity=negative
word1=undid priorpolarity=negative
word1=undignified priorpolarity=negative
word1=undisputable priorpolarity=positive
word1=undisputably priorpolarity=positive
word1=undisputed priorpolarity=positive
word1=undo priorpolarity=negative
word1=undocumented priorpolarity=negative
word1=undone priorpolarity=negative
word1=undoubted priorpolarity=positive
word1=undoubtedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=undue priorpolarity=negative
word1=unease priorpolarity=negative
word1=unease priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneasily priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneasiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneasiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneasy priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneconomical priorpolarity=negative
word1=unencumbered priorpolarity=positive
word1=unequal priorpolarity=negative
word1=unequivocal priorpolarity=positive
word1=unequivocal priorpolarity=positive
word1=unequivocally priorpolarity=positive
word1=unethical priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneven priorpolarity=negative
word1=uneventful priorpolarity=negative
word1=unexpected priorpolarity=negative
word1=unexpectedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unexplained priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfair priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfairly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfaithful priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfaithfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfamiliar priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfavorable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfazed priorpolarity=positive
word1=unfeeling priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfettered priorpolarity=positive
word1=unfinished priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfit priorpolarity=negative
word1=unforeseen priorpolarity=negative
word1=unforgettable priorpolarity=positive
word1=unfortunate priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfortunately priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfounded priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfriendly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfulfilled priorpolarity=negative
word1=unfunded priorpolarity=negative
word1=ungrateful priorpolarity=negative
word1=ungovernable priorpolarity=negative
word1=ungovernable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unhappily priorpolarity=negative
word1=unhappiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=unhappy priorpolarity=negative
word1=unhealthy priorpolarity=negative
word1=uniform priorpolarity=positive
word1=uniformly priorpolarity=positive
word1=unilateralism priorpolarity=negative
word1=unilateralism priorpolarity=negative
word1=unimaginable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unimaginably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unimportant priorpolarity=negative
word1=uninformed priorpolarity=negative
word1=uninsured priorpolarity=negative
word1=unipolar priorpolarity=negative
word1=unipolar priorpolarity=negative
word1=unique priorpolarity=positive
word1=unity priorpolarity=positive
word1=unity priorpolarity=positive
word1=universal priorpolarity=positive
word1=unjust priorpolarity=negative
word1=unjustifiable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unjustifiably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unjustified priorpolarity=negative
word1=unjustly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unkind priorpolarity=negative
word1=unkindly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlamentable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlamentably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlawful priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlawfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlawfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlawfulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=unleash priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlicensed priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlikely priorpolarity=negative
word1=unlimited priorpolarity=positive
word1=unlucky priorpolarity=negative
word1=unmoved priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnatural priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnaturally priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnecessary priorpolarity=negative
word1=unneeded priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnerve priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnerved priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnerving priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnervingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unnoticed priorpolarity=negative
word1=unobserved priorpolarity=negative
word1=unorthodox priorpolarity=negative
word1=unorthodoxy priorpolarity=negative
word1=unparalleled priorpolarity=positive
word1=unpleasant priorpolarity=negative
word1=unpleasantries priorpolarity=negative
word1=unpleasantries priorpolarity=negative
word1=unpopular priorpolarity=negative
word1=unprecedent priorpolarity=negative
word1=unprecedented priorpolarity=negative
word1=unpredictable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unprepared priorpolarity=negative
word1=unpretentious priorpolarity=positive
word1=unproductive priorpolarity=negative
word1=unprofitable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unqualified priorpolarity=negative
word1=unquestionable priorpolarity=positive
word1=unquestionably priorpolarity=positive
word1=unravel priorpolarity=negative
word1=unravel priorpolarity=negative
word1=unraveled priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrealistic priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreasonable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreasonable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreasonably priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrelenting priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrelenting priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrelentingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreliability priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreliability priorpolarity=negative
word1=unreliable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unresolved priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrest priorpolarity=negative
word1=unrestricted priorpolarity=positive
word1=unruly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsafe priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsatisfactory priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsavory priorpolarity=negative
word1=unscathed priorpolarity=positive
word1=unscrupulous priorpolarity=negative
word1=unscrupulously priorpolarity=negative
word1=unseemly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unselfish priorpolarity=positive
word1=unsettle priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsettled priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsettling priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsettlingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unskilled priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsophisticated priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsound priorpolarity=negative
word1=unspeakable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unspeakablely priorpolarity=negative
word1=unspecified priorpolarity=negative
word1=unstable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsteadily priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsteadiness priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsteady priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsuccessful priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsuccessfully priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsupported priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsure priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsuspecting priorpolarity=negative
word1=unsustainable priorpolarity=negative
word1=untenable priorpolarity=negative
word1=untested priorpolarity=negative
word1=unthinkable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unthinkably priorpolarity=negative
word1=untimely priorpolarity=negative
word1=untouched priorpolarity=positive
word1=untrained priorpolarity=positive
word1=untrue priorpolarity=negative
word1=untrustworthy priorpolarity=negative
word1=untruthful priorpolarity=negative
word1=unusual priorpolarity=negative
word1=unusually priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwanted priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwarranted priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwelcome priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwieldy priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwilling priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwillingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwillingness priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwise priorpolarity=negative
word1=unwisely priorpolarity=negative
word1=unworkable priorpolarity=negative
word1=unworthy priorpolarity=negative
word1=unyielding priorpolarity=negative
word1=upbeat priorpolarity=positive
word1=upbraid priorpolarity=negative
word1=upfront priorpolarity=positive
word1=upgrade priorpolarity=positive
word1=upheaval priorpolarity=negative
word1=upheld priorpolarity=positive
word1=uphold priorpolarity=positive
word1=uplift priorpolarity=positive
word1=uplifting priorpolarity=positive
word1=upliftingly priorpolarity=positive
word1=upliftment priorpolarity=positive
word1=upliftment priorpolarity=positive
word1=upright priorpolarity=positive
word1=uprising priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproar priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproarious priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproariously priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproarous priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproarously priorpolarity=negative
word1=uproot priorpolarity=negative
word1=upscale priorpolarity=positive
word1=upset priorpolarity=negative
word1=upset priorpolarity=negative
word1=upsetting priorpolarity=negative
word1=upsetting priorpolarity=negative
word1=upsettingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=upside priorpolarity=positive
word1=upside priorpolarity=positive
word1=upward priorpolarity=positive
word1=urge priorpolarity=positive
word1=urgency priorpolarity=negative
word1=urgency priorpolarity=negative
word1=urgent priorpolarity=negative
word1=urgent priorpolarity=negative
word1=urgently priorpolarity=negative
word1=usable priorpolarity=positive
word1=useful priorpolarity=positive
word1=usefulness priorpolarity=positive
word1=useless priorpolarity=negative
word1=usurp priorpolarity=negative
word1=usurper priorpolarity=negative
word1=utilitarian priorpolarity=positive
word1=utmost priorpolarity=positive
word1=utter priorpolarity=negative
word1=utterances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=utterances priorpolarity=neutral
word1=utterly priorpolarity=negative
word1=uttermost priorpolarity=positive
word1=vagrant priorpolarity=negative
word1=vague priorpolarity=negative
word1=vague priorpolarity=negative
word1=vagueness priorpolarity=negative
word1=vain priorpolarity=negative
word1=vainly priorpolarity=negative
word1=valiant priorpolarity=positive
word1=valiantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=valid priorpolarity=positive
word1=validity priorpolarity=positive
word1=valor priorpolarity=positive
word1=valuable priorpolarity=positive
word1=valuable priorpolarity=positive
word1=value priorpolarity=positive
word1=values priorpolarity=positive
word1=values priorpolarity=positive
word1=vanish priorpolarity=negative
word1=vanity priorpolarity=negative
word1=vanquish priorpolarity=positive
word1=vast priorpolarity=positive
word1=vastly priorpolarity=positive
word1=vastness priorpolarity=positive
word1=vehement priorpolarity=negative
word1=vehemently priorpolarity=negative
word1=venerable priorpolarity=positive
word1=venerably priorpolarity=positive
word1=venerate priorpolarity=positive
word1=vengeance priorpolarity=negative
word1=vengeful priorpolarity=negative
word1=vengefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=vengefulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=venom priorpolarity=negative
word1=venom priorpolarity=negative
word1=venomous priorpolarity=negative
word1=venomously priorpolarity=negative
word1=vent priorpolarity=negative
word1=vent priorpolarity=negative
word1=verifiable priorpolarity=positive
word1=veritable priorpolarity=positive
word1=versatile priorpolarity=positive
word1=versatility priorpolarity=positive
word1=very priorpolarity=neutral
word1=vestiges priorpolarity=negative
word1=vestiges priorpolarity=negative
word1=veto priorpolarity=negative
word1=veto priorpolarity=negative
word1=vex priorpolarity=negative
word1=vex priorpolarity=negative
word1=vexation priorpolarity=negative
word1=vexing priorpolarity=negative
word1=vexingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=viable priorpolarity=positive
word1=viability priorpolarity=positive
word1=vibrant priorpolarity=positive
word1=vibrantly priorpolarity=positive
word1=vice priorpolarity=negative
word1=vicious priorpolarity=negative
word1=viciously priorpolarity=negative
word1=viciousness priorpolarity=negative
word1=victimize priorpolarity=negative
word1=victorious priorpolarity=positive
word1=victory priorpolarity=positive
word1=victory priorpolarity=positive
word1=vie priorpolarity=negative
word1=view priorpolarity=neutral
word1=view priorpolarity=neutral
word1=view priorpolarity=neutral
word1=viewpoints priorpolarity=neutral
word1=viewpoints priorpolarity=neutral
word1=views priorpolarity=neutral
word1=views priorpolarity=neutral
word1=vigilance priorpolarity=positive
word1=vigilant priorpolarity=positive
word1=vigilant priorpolarity=positive
word1=vigorous priorpolarity=positive
word1=vigorously priorpolarity=positive
word1=vile priorpolarity=negative
word1=vileness priorpolarity=negative
word1=vilify priorpolarity=negative
word1=villainous priorpolarity=negative
word1=villainously priorpolarity=negative
word1=villains priorpolarity=negative
word1=villains priorpolarity=negative
word1=villian priorpolarity=negative
word1=villianous priorpolarity=negative
word1=villianously priorpolarity=negative
word1=villify priorpolarity=negative
word1=vindicate priorpolarity=positive
word1=vindictive priorpolarity=negative
word1=vindictively priorpolarity=negative
word1=vindictiveness priorpolarity=negative
word1=vintage priorpolarity=positive
word1=violate priorpolarity=negative
word1=violation priorpolarity=negative
word1=violator priorpolarity=negative
word1=violator priorpolarity=negative
word1=violent priorpolarity=negative
word1=violently priorpolarity=negative
word1=viper priorpolarity=negative
word1=virtue priorpolarity=positive
word1=virtuous priorpolarity=positive
word1=virtuously priorpolarity=positive
word1=virulence priorpolarity=negative
word1=virulent priorpolarity=negative
word1=virulently priorpolarity=negative
word1=virus priorpolarity=negative
word1=virus priorpolarity=negative
word1=visionary priorpolarity=positive
word1=vital priorpolarity=positive
word1=vitality priorpolarity=positive
word1=vitality priorpolarity=positive
word1=vivacious priorpolarity=positive
word1=vivid priorpolarity=positive
word1=vocal priorpolarity=neutral
word1=vocal priorpolarity=neutral
word1=vocally priorpolarity=negative
word1=vociferous priorpolarity=negative
word1=vociferously priorpolarity=negative
word1=void priorpolarity=negative
word1=volatile priorpolarity=negative
word1=volatility priorpolarity=negative
word1=voluntarily priorpolarity=positive
word1=voluntary priorpolarity=positive
word1=vomit priorpolarity=negative
word1=vomit priorpolarity=negative
word1=vouch priorpolarity=positive
word1=vouchsafe priorpolarity=positive
word1=vow priorpolarity=positive
word1=vulgar priorpolarity=negative
word1=vulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word1=vulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word1=wail priorpolarity=negative
word1=wallow priorpolarity=negative
word1=wane priorpolarity=negative
word1=waning priorpolarity=negative
word1=waning priorpolarity=negative
word1=want priorpolarity=positive
word1=wanton priorpolarity=negative
word1=war priorpolarity=negative
word1=war priorpolarity=negative
word1=war-like priorpolarity=negative
word1=war-like priorpolarity=negative
word1=warfare priorpolarity=negative
word1=warlike priorpolarity=negative
word1=warm priorpolarity=positive
word1=warmhearted priorpolarity=positive
word1=warmly priorpolarity=positive
word1=warmth priorpolarity=positive
word1=warning priorpolarity=negative
word1=warning priorpolarity=negative
word1=warp priorpolarity=negative
word1=warped priorpolarity=negative
word1=wary priorpolarity=negative
word1=warily priorpolarity=negative
word1=wariness priorpolarity=negative
word1=waste priorpolarity=negative
word1=waste priorpolarity=negative
word1=wasteful priorpolarity=negative
word1=wastefulness priorpolarity=negative
word1=watchdog priorpolarity=negative
word1=watchdog priorpolarity=negative
word1=wayward priorpolarity=negative
word1=weak priorpolarity=negative
word1=weaken priorpolarity=negative
word1=weakening priorpolarity=negative
word1=weakening priorpolarity=negative
word1=weakness priorpolarity=negative
word1=weakness priorpolarity=negative
word1=weaknesses priorpolarity=negative
word1=weaknesses priorpolarity=negative
word1=wealthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=weariness priorpolarity=negative
word1=wearisome priorpolarity=negative
word1=weary priorpolarity=negative
word1=weary priorpolarity=negative
word1=weary priorpolarity=negative
word1=wedge priorpolarity=negative
word1=wedge priorpolarity=negative
word1=wee priorpolarity=negative
word1=weed priorpolarity=negative
word1=weep priorpolarity=negative
word1=weird priorpolarity=negative
word1=weird priorpolarity=negative
word1=weirdly priorpolarity=negative
word1=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word1=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word1=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word1=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word1=welfare priorpolarity=positive
word1=welfare priorpolarity=positive
word1=well priorpolarity=positive
word1=well priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-being priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-being priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-connected priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-educated priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-established priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-informed priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-intentioned priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-managed priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-positioned priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-publicized priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-received priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-regarded priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-run priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-wishers priorpolarity=positive
word1=well-wishers priorpolarity=positive
word1=wellbeing priorpolarity=positive
word1=wellbeing priorpolarity=positive
word1=whatever priorpolarity=negative
word1=wheedle priorpolarity=negative
word1=whiff priorpolarity=neutral
word1=whiff priorpolarity=neutral
word1=whimper priorpolarity=negative
word1=whimsical priorpolarity=positive
word1=whine priorpolarity=negative
word1=whine priorpolarity=negative
word1=whips priorpolarity=negative
word1=whips priorpolarity=negative
word1=white priorpolarity=positive
word1=wholeheartedly priorpolarity=positive
word1=wholesome priorpolarity=positive
word1=wicked priorpolarity=negative
word1=wickedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=wickedness priorpolarity=negative
word1=wide priorpolarity=positive
word1=wide-open priorpolarity=positive
word1=wide-ranging priorpolarity=positive
word1=widespread priorpolarity=negative
word1=wild priorpolarity=negative
word1=wildly priorpolarity=negative
word1=wiles priorpolarity=negative
word1=will priorpolarity=positive
word1=will priorpolarity=positive
word1=willful priorpolarity=positive
word1=willfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=willing priorpolarity=positive
word1=willingness priorpolarity=positive
word1=willingness priorpolarity=positive
word1=wilt priorpolarity=negative
word1=wily priorpolarity=negative
word1=wince priorpolarity=negative
word1=wink priorpolarity=positive
word1=wink priorpolarity=positive
word1=winnable priorpolarity=positive
word1=winnable priorpolarity=positive
word1=winners priorpolarity=positive
word1=winners priorpolarity=positive
word1=wisdom priorpolarity=positive
word1=wisdom priorpolarity=positive
word1=wise priorpolarity=positive
word1=wise priorpolarity=positive
word1=wisely priorpolarity=positive
word1=wish priorpolarity=positive
word1=wish priorpolarity=positive
word1=wish priorpolarity=positive
word1=wishes priorpolarity=positive
word1=wishes priorpolarity=positive
word1=wishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=wishing priorpolarity=positive
word1=withheld priorpolarity=negative
word1=withhold priorpolarity=negative
word1=witty priorpolarity=positive
word1=woe priorpolarity=negative
word1=woebegone priorpolarity=negative
word1=woeful priorpolarity=negative
word1=woefully priorpolarity=negative
word1=wonder priorpolarity=positive
word1=wonderful priorpolarity=positive
word1=wonderful priorpolarity=positive
word1=wonderfully priorpolarity=positive
word1=wonderous priorpolarity=positive
word1=wonderously priorpolarity=positive
word1=wondrous priorpolarity=positive
word1=woo priorpolarity=positive
word1=workable priorpolarity=positive
word1=world-famous priorpolarity=positive
word1=worn priorpolarity=negative
word1=worn priorpolarity=negative
word1=worried priorpolarity=negative
word1=worriedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=worrier priorpolarity=negative
word1=worries priorpolarity=negative
word1=worries priorpolarity=negative
word1=worrisome priorpolarity=negative
word1=worry priorpolarity=negative
word1=worry priorpolarity=negative
word1=worry priorpolarity=negative
word1=worrying priorpolarity=negative
word1=worryingly priorpolarity=negative
word1=worse priorpolarity=negative
word1=worsen priorpolarity=negative
word1=worsening priorpolarity=negative
word1=worship priorpolarity=positive
word1=worst priorpolarity=negative
word1=worth priorpolarity=positive
word1=worth priorpolarity=positive
word1=worth-while priorpolarity=positive
word1=worthiness priorpolarity=positive
word1=worthless priorpolarity=negative
word1=worthlessly priorpolarity=negative
word1=worthlessness priorpolarity=negative
word1=worthwhile priorpolarity=positive
word1=worthy priorpolarity=positive
word1=would priorpolarity=neutral
word1=wound priorpolarity=negative
word1=wound priorpolarity=negative
word1=wound priorpolarity=negative
word1=wounds priorpolarity=negative
word1=wounds priorpolarity=negative
word1=wow priorpolarity=positive
word1=wow priorpolarity=positive
word1=wreck priorpolarity=negative
word1=wreck priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrangle priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrath priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrest priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrestle priorpolarity=negative
word1=wretch priorpolarity=negative
word1=wretched priorpolarity=negative
word1=wretchedly priorpolarity=negative
word1=wretchedness priorpolarity=negative
word1=writhe priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrong priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrong priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrongful priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrongly priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrought priorpolarity=negative
word1=wrought priorpolarity=negative
word1=wry priorpolarity=positive
word1=yawn priorpolarity=negative
word1=yawn priorpolarity=negative
word1=yeah priorpolarity=neutral
word1=yearn priorpolarity=positive
word1=yearning priorpolarity=positive
word1=yearningly priorpolarity=positive
word1=yelp priorpolarity=negative
word1=yep priorpolarity=positive
word1=yes priorpolarity=positive
word1=youthful priorpolarity=positive
word1=zeal priorpolarity=positive
word1=zealot priorpolarity=negative
word1=zealous priorpolarity=negative
word1=zealously priorpolarity=negative
word1=zenith priorpolarity=positive
word1=zest priorpolarity=positive